item 1. business
company background
the company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september.
products
iphone

is the companys line of smartphones based on its ios operating system. the iphone line includes iphone 16 pro, iphone 16, iphone 15, iphone 14 and iphone se
.
mac
is the companys line of personal computers based on its macos
operating system. the mac line includes laptops macbook air
and macbook pro
, as well as desktops imac
, mac mini
, mac studio
and mac pro
ipad
is the companys line of multipurpose tablets based on its ipados
operating system. the ipad line includes ipad pro
, ipad air
, ipad and ipad mini
wearables, home and accessories
wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. the companys line of smartwatches, based on its watchos
operating system, includes apple watch ultra
2, apple watch
series 10 and apple watch se
. the companys line of wireless headphones includes airpods
, airpods pro
, airpods max
and beats
products. apple vision pro is the companys first spatial computer based on its visionos operating system.
home includes apple tv
, the companys media streaming and gaming device based on its tvos
operating system, and homepod
and homepod mini
, high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.
accessories includes apple-branded and third-party accessories.services
advertising
the companys advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the companys own advertising platforms.
applecare
the company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the applecare

brand. the offerings provide priority access to apple technical support, access to the global apple authorized service network for repair and replacement services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage or theft and loss, depending on the country and type of product.
cloud services
the companys cloud services store and keep customers content up-to-date and available across multiple apple devices and windows personal computers.
digital content
the company operates various platforms, including the app store
,
that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.
the company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including apple arcade
, a game subscription service apple fitness
sm
, a personalized fitness service apple music
, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations apple news
, a subscription news and magazine service and apple tv
, which offers exclusive original content and live sports.
payment services
the company offers payment services, including apple card
, a co-branded credit card, and apple pay
, a cashless payment service.
segments
the company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. the companys reportable segments consist of the americas, europe, greater china, japan and rest of asia pacific. americas includes both north and south america. europe includes european countries, as well as india, the middle east and africa. greater china includes china mainland, hong kong and taiwan. rest of asia pacific includes australia and those asian countries not included in the companys other reportable segments. although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the companys customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
markets and distribution
the companys customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. the company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. the company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. during 2024, the companys net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 38% and 62%, respectively, of total net sales.
competition
the markets for the companys products and services are highly competitive, and are characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. many of the companys competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the companys products and infringing on its intellectual property.the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. principal competitive factors important to the company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation.
the company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services. the company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. in addition, some of the companys competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. the companys services compete with business models that provide content to users for free and use illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications. the company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the companys product features and applications within their products, or collaborate to offer integrated solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer.
supply of components
although most components essential to the companys business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. the company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. therefore, many components used by the company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
the company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the company often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements.
the company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components however, there can be no guarantee that the company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all.
research and development
because the industries in which the company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development (rd), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.
intellectual property
the company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, accessories, software and services. this includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the u.s. and various foreign countries. although the company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
the company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its research, development, design and marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. over time, the company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world. no single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the companys products and services. the company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.
in addition to company-owned intellectual property, many of the companys products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties. it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the companys products, processes and services. while the company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all.business seasonality and product introductions
the company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. the timing of product introductions can also impact the companys net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.
human capital
the company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. the company works to create an inclusive, safe and supportive environment for all of its team members, so that its people can do the best work of their lives. as of september 28, 2024, the company had approximately 164,000 full-time equivalent employees.
compensation and benefits
the company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and should enable employees to share in the companys success. the company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. in support of this, the company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and time away.
growth and development
the company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. the company offers programs through apple university on leadership, management and influence, as well as apple culture and values. team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical and personal development, as well as learning opportunities to support their well-being.
workplace practices and policies
the company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and diversity and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination.
inclusion and diversity
the company is committed to its vision to build and sustain a more inclusive workforce that is representative of the communities it serves. the company continues to work to increase diverse representation at every level, foster an inclusive culture, and support equitable pay and access to opportunity for all employees.
engagement
the company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusivity.
health and safety
the company is committed to protecting its team members everywhere it operates. the company identifies potential workplace risks in order to develop measures to mitigate possible hazards. the company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments. additionally, the company works to protect the safety and security of its team members, visitors and customers through its global security team.available information
the companys annual reports on form 10-k, quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the exchange act), are filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the sec). such reports and other information filed by the company with the sec are available free of charge at investor.apple.cominvestor-relationssec-filingsdefault.aspx when such reports are available on the secs website. the company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. this includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and governance matters, and details related to the companys annual meeting of shareholders. the information contained on the websites referenced in this form 10-k is not incorporated by reference into this filing. further, the companys references to website urls are intended to be inactive textual references only.


item 1a. risk factors
the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. when any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected.
because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the companys results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. this discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements.
this section should be read in conjunction with part ii, item 7, managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k.
macroeconomic and industry risks
the companys operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company has international operations with sales outside the u.s. representing a majority of the companys total net sales. in addition, the companys global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the companys supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the u.s. as a result, the companys operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.
adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the companys products and services. in addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors.
in addition to an adverse impact on demand for the companys products and services, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can have a significant impact on the companys suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. potential outcomes include financial instability inability to obtain credit to finance business operations and insolvency.
adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the companys trade receivables the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions limitations on the companys ability to issue new debt reduced liquidity and declines in the fair values of the companys financial instruments. these and other impacts can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.the companys business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.
the company has a large, global business with sales outside the u.s. representing a majority of the companys total net sales, and the company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. substantially all of the companys manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam. restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the companys business and supply chain. the impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the company derives a significant portion of its revenues andor has significant supply chain operations. restrictive measures can increase the cost of the companys products and the components and raw materials that go into them, and can require the company to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, and ceasing to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers. changing the companys business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the companys operations. such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. for example, tensions between governments, including the u.s. and china, have in the past led to tariffs and other restrictions affecting the companys business. if disputes and conflicts further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive and could materially adversely affect the companys business.
many of the companys operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the companys suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. in addition, the companys and its suppliers operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the companys control. for example, global supply chains can be highly concentrated and geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions.
such events can make it difficult or impossible for the company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the companys supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the companys service offerings, increase the companys costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.
the companys operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. while the companys suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the companys business, and harm to the companys reputation. major public health issues, including pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions and disruptions in the companys operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.
following any interruption to its business, the company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. because the company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the company. while the company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.global markets for the companys products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
the companys products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.
the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. as a result, the company must make significant investments in rd. there can be no assurance these investments will achieve expected returns, and the company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
the company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. in contrast, many of the companys competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the companys products and infringing on its intellectual property. effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the company operates. if the company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the companys intellectual property, the companys ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.
the company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. the company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. in addition, some of the companys competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. some of the markets in which the company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
additionally, the company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the companys product features and applications within their products or collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. the company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the companys approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.
the companys services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and experience and have established service offerings with large customer bases. the company competes with business models that provide content to users for free. the company also competes with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications.
the companys business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the companys ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. there can be no assurance the company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively.
business risks
to remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services.
due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the company competes, the company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. the success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the companys ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software or other third-party support for the companys products and services, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or other defects or deficiencies. new products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins, which can materially adversely impact the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. there can be no assurance the company will successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services.the company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the u.s.
substantially all of the companys manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam, and a significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. the company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. while these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the companys direct control over production and distribution. such diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the companys flexibility to respond to changing conditions. although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. while the company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company relies on single-source outsourcing partners in the u.s., asia and europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the companys hardware products. any failure of these partners to perform can have a negative impact on the companys cost or supply of components or finished goods. in addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final destinations can be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, commercial disputes, economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, or conflict.
the company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. while these arrangements help ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if these outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be disrupted or terminated, and the recoverability of manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be negatively impacted.
changes or additions to the companys supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.
future operating results depend upon the companys ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.
because the company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the global semiconductor industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the companys ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. such disruptions could occur in the future. while the company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance the company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. in addition, component suppliers may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the companys ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
therefore, the company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, can be affected for any number of reasons, including if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements. when the companys supply of components for a new or existing product has been delayed or constrained, or when an outsourcing partner has delayed shipments of completed products to the company, the companys business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and future delays or constraints could materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. the companys business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.the companys products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the companys business and result in harm to the companys reputation.
the company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. defects can also exist in components and products the company purchases from third parties. component defects could make the companys products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. these risks may increase as the companys products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. in addition, the companys service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. as a result, from time to time the companys services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. the introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. there can be no assurance the company will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers. failure to do so can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the companys products and services. errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a users device. in addition, the company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the companys products and services, and result in harm to the companys reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.
the company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
the company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. the company also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. the company reviews long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be recoverable. if the company determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. although the company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance the company will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the company competes.
the company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. manufacturing purchase obligations cover the companys forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. because the companys markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.
the company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the company on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
the companys products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties, which requires licenses from those third parties. in addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, the companys products and services can unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. from time to time, the company has been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. based on experience and industry practice, the company believes licenses to such third-party intellectual property can generally be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. however, there can be no assurance the necessary licenses can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms or at all. failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the company to modify certain products, services or features or preclude the company from selling certain products or services, or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.the companys future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
the company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. there can be no assurance third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain software applications and services for the companys products. if third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the companys products, customers may choose not to buy the companys products.
the company believes the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends in part on the developers perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software and services for the companys products compared to competitors platforms, such as android for smartphones and tablets, windows for personal computers and tablets, and playstation, nintendo and xbox for gaming platforms. this analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.
the companys minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the companys products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors products with larger market share. when developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the companys devices can suffer.
the company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. the companys products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the companys products.
the company distributes third-party applications for its products through the app store. for the vast majority of applications, developers keep all of the revenue they generate on the app store. where applicable, the company retains a commission from sales of applications and sales of digital services or goods initiated within an application. from time to time, the company has made changes to its products and services, including taking actions in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements, and expects to make further business changes in the future. for example, in the u.s., the company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms. the company has also implemented changes to ios, ipados, the app store and safari

in the european union (eu) as it seeks to comply with the digital markets act (the dma), including new business terms and alternative fee structures for ios and ipados apps, alternative methods of distribution for ios and ipados apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the companys operating systems, and additional tools and application programming interfaces (apis) for developers. changes to the companys products and services could materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition, including if such business changes result in reduced app store or other sales, reductions in the rate of the commission that the company retains on such sales, or if the rate of the commission is otherwise narrowed in scope or eliminated.
failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the companys customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. this includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the companys own services. the licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the company to license or otherwise distribute their content. other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the companys access to, or increase the cost of, such content. the company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules.
the company also produces its own digital content, which can be costly to produce due to intense and increasing competition for talent, content and subscribers, and may fail to appeal to the companys customers.
some third-party digital content providers require the company to provide digital rights management and other security solutions. if requirements change, the company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. there can be no assurance the company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.the companys success depends largely on the talents and efforts of its team members, the continued service and availability of highly skilled employees, including key personnel, and the companys ability to nurture its distinctive and inclusive culture.
much of the companys future success depends on the talents and efforts of its team members and the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its chief executive officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in silicon valley, where most of the companys key personnel are located. in addition to intense competition for talent, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving. if the company does not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could materially adversely affect the companys culture, reputation and operational flexibility.
the company believes that its distinctive and inclusive culture is a significant driver of its success. if the company is unable to nurture its culture, it could materially adversely affect the companys ability to recruit and retain the highly skilled employees who are critical to its success, and could otherwise materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company depends on the performance of carriers, wholesalers, retailers and other resellers.
the company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers, many of which distribute products and services from competitors. the company also sells its products and services and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force.
some carriers providing cellular network service for the companys products offer financing, installment payment plans or subsidies for users purchases of the device. there can be no assurance such offers will be continued at all or in the same amounts.
the company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers stores with company employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. these programs can require a substantial investment while not assuring return or incremental sales. the financial condition of these resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the companys products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of the companys products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the companys products.
the companys business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions.
the company and its global supply chain are dependent on complex information technology systems and are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. system upgrades, redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and the companys or its vendors business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the companys business by, among other things, preventing access to the companys online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the companys products. these events could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could subject the company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
the companys business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information with respect to the companys customers and employees. the company devotes significant resources to systems and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. but these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. the company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. although the company takes steps to secure confidential information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on the companys behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information occur. such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.the company experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. these attacks seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information or disrupt normal business operations, and can, among other things, impair the companys ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, impact the companys stock price, materially damage commercial relationships, and expose the company to litigation or government investigations, which can result in penalties, fines or judgments against the company. globally, attacks are expected to continue accelerating in both frequency and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the companys ability to identify, investigate and recover from incidents. in addition, attacks against the company and its customers can escalate during periods of geopolitical tensions or conflict.
although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many companies across various industries, the company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the value of the confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes.
the company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data, and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. as with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and are vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. for example, third parties can fraudulently induce the companys or its suppliers and other third parties employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for unauthorized access to the companys or such suppliers or third parties systems and services. to help protect customers and the company, the company deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the companys products and services.
while the company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the companys ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated and materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-offs. investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the company from completing a transaction or otherwise limit the companys ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. these new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. the failure of any significant investment could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys retail stores are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
the companys retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the companys business, results of operations and financial condition, including macroeconomic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity. other factors include the companys ability to manage costs associated with retail store construction and operation manage relationships with existing retail partners manage costs associated with fluctuations in the value of retail inventory and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.legal and regulatory compliance risks
the companys business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or government investigations.
the company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not yet been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. in addition, agreements entered into by the company sometimes include indemnification provisions which can subject the company to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. the number of claims, legal proceedings and government investigations involving the company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, has generally increased over time and may continue to increase.
the company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the future, including as a result of new legal or regulatory frameworks. for example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequently assert their patents and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. the company is vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several u.s. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. the plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek broad injunctive relief and substantial damages.
regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the companys operations. in recognition of these considerations, the company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation and resolve such challenges. there can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. these agreements can also significantly increase the companys cost of sales and operating expenses and require the company to change its business practices and limit the companys ability to offer certain products and services.
the outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. if one or more legal matters were resolved against the company or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts above managements expectations, the companys results of operations and financial condition for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. further, such an outcome can result in significant monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the company, and has from time to time required, and can in the future require, the company to change its business practices and limit the companys ability to develop, manufacture, use, import or offer for sale certain products and services, all of which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
the company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the company to potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the companys business.
the companys global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust privacy, data security and data localization consumer protection advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce financial services and technology product liability intellectual property ownership and infringement digital platforms machine learning and artificial intelligence internet, telecommunications and mobile communications media, television, film and digital content availability of third-party software applications and services labor and employment anticorruption import, export and trade foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions antimoney laundering foreign ownership and investment tax and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, product design and climate change.
compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. new and changing laws and regulations can adversely affect the companys business by increasing the companys costs, limiting the companys ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, imposing changes to the design of the companys products and services, impacting customer demand for the companys products and services, and requiring changes to the companys business or supply chain. new and changing laws and regulations can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. these risks and costs may increase as the companys products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services, or as the company expands the use of technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence features, and must navigate new legal, regulatory and ethical considerations relating to such technologies. the company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance the companys employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the companys policies and procedures. if the company is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.regulatory changes and other actions that materially adversely affect the companys business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. for example, the company is subject to changing regulations relating to the export and import of its products. although the company has programs, policies and procedures in place that are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will be effective in preventing a violation or a claim of a violation. as a result, the companys products could be banned, delayed or prohibited from importation, which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations and related reporting obligations expose the company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the companys business.
many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity and inclusion. in addition, the company makes statements about its goals and initiatives through its various non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press statements and other communications. responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of the companys announced goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the companys control. the company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the companys goals and initiatives. any failure, or perceived failure, by the company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state and international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the company and materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
the technology industry, including, in some instances, the company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
from time to time, the company has made changes to its app store, including actions taken in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements. the company expects to make further business changes in the future. for example, in the u.s. the company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms.
the company has also implemented changes to ios, ipados, the app store and safari
in the eu as it seeks to comply with the dma, including new business terms and alternative fee structures for ios and ipados apps, alternative methods of distribution for ios and ipados apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the companys operating systems, and additional tools and apis for developers. the company has also continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the european commission (the commission). although the companys compliance plan is intended to address the dmas obligations, it has been challenged by the commission and may be challenged further by private litigants. the dma provides for significant fines and penalties for noncompliance, and other jurisdictions may seek to require the company to make changes to its business. while the changes introduced by the company in the eu are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks that the dma poses to eu users, many risks will remain.
the company is also currently subject to antitrust investigations and litigation in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in legal proceedings and claims against the company that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company is subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the u.s. alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for performance smartphones and smartphones generally in violation of u.s. antitrust laws. in addition, the company is the subject of investigations in europe and other jurisdictions relating to app store terms and conditions. if such investigations or litigation are resolved against the company, the company can be exposed to significant fines and may be required to make further changes to its business practices, all of which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
further, the company has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become subject to investigations and litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could materially adversely affect the companys commercial relationships with those business partners and materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company earns revenue from licensing arrangements with google llc and other companies to offer their search services on the companys platforms and applications, and certain of these arrangements are currently subject to government investigations and legal proceedings.there can be no assurance the companys business will not be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by the outcomes of such investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. changes to the companys business practices to comply with new laws and regulations or in connection with other legal proceedings can negatively impact the reputation of the companys products for privacy and security and otherwise adversely affect the experience for users of the companys products and services, and result in harm to the companys reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, and lost sales.
the companys business is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection.
the company is subject to an increasing number of federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of various types of personal information. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal information among the company and its international subsidiaries. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the company to change its business practices. noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
the company makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policy, information provided on its website, press statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. any failure by the company to comply with these public statements or with federal, state or international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in inquiries or proceedings against the company by governmental entities or others. in addition to reputational impacts, penalties could include ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability.
in addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information, the company is also subject to specific obligations relating to information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health data, financial data and biometric data. health data and financial data are subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements, and the company is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the companys compliance with these obligations. if the company fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data or financial data is handled in a manner not permitted by law or under the companys agreements with healthcare or financial institutions, the company can be subject to litigation or government investigations, and can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can also incur significant fees or fines.
payment card data is also subject to additional requirements. under payment card rules and obligations, if cardholder information is potentially compromised, the company can be liable for associated investigatory expenses and can also incur significant fees or fines if the company fails to follow payment card industry data security standards. the company could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to process payment cards if it fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
financial risks
the company expects its quarterly net sales and results of operations to fluctuate.
the companys profit margins vary across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels. for example, the gross margins on the companys products and services vary significantly and can change over time. the companys gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the company may take in response to such pressures increased competition the companys ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services compressed product life cycles supply shortages potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and delivering content for the companys services the companys ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively shifts in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory changes require the company to modify its product and service offerings fluctuations in foreign exchange rates inflation and other macroeconomic pressures and the introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with lower profit margins. these and other factors could have a materially adverse impact on the companys results of operations and financial condition.
the company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. further, the company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact quarterly net sales. the company could also be subject to unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the companys products or services, issues with new product or service introductions, information technology system failures or network disruptions, or failure of one of the companys logistics, supply or manufacturing partners.the companys financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to local currencies.
the companys primary exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates relates to nonu.s. dollardenominated sales, cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. gross margins on the companys products in foreign countries and on products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers have in the past been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
the weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects the u.s. dollar value of the companys foreign currencydenominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for the companys products. in some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the company may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the u.s. dollars strengthening, which would adversely affect the u.s. dollar value of the gross margins the company earns on foreign currencydenominated sales.
conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, while generally beneficial to the companys foreign currencydenominated sales and earnings, could cause the company to reduce international pricing or incur losses on its foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the companys cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.
the company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. the use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
the company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
the companys investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of the companys cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. although the company has not realized significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the companys results of operations and financial condition.
the company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
the company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. the company also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. a substantial majority of the companys outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant portion of the companys trade receivables can be concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. the companys exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. the company also has unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the company. in addition, the company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. as of september 28, 2024, the companys vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in asia. while the company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
the company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including ireland and singapore, where a number of the companys subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. for example, the organisation for economic co-operation and development continues to advance proposals for modernizing international tax rules, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards. the companys effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. the application of tax laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations.the company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. the company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if the companys effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of the companys taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the companys business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
general risks
the price of the companys stock is subject to volatility.
the companys stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. additionally, the company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies operating performance. price volatility may cause the average price at which the company repurchases its stock in a given period to exceed the stocks price at a given point in time. the company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future growth and profitability. the company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. future dividends are subject to declaration by the companys board of directors (the board), and the companys share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. if the company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the companys stock may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.


item 1b. unresolved staff comments
none.


item 1c. cybersecurity
the companys management, led by its head of corporate information security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats. the companys head of corporate information security leads a dedicated information security team of highly skilled individuals with experience across industries that, among other things, develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures engages in employee cybersecurity training implements security controls assesses security risk and compliance posture monitors and responds to security events and executes security testing and assessments. the companys head of corporate information security has extensive knowledge and skills gained from over 25 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large technology companies and leading the companys information security team since 2016.
the companys information security team coordinates with teams across the company to prevent, respond to and manage security incidents, and engages third parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and incident response. a dedicated supplier trust team manages information security risks the company is exposed to through its supplier relationships. the company has processes to log, track, address, and escalate for further assessment and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the company and its suppliers to senior management and the audit and finance committee (the audit committee) of the board. the companys enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, asse
ss, and monitor the companys business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects managements assessment of cybersecurity risks.
the audit committee assists the board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. the audit committee regularly reviews and discusses the companys cybersecurity risks with management, including the companys head of corporate information security, its general counsel and the heads of compliance and business conduct, business assurance, and internal audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. the chair of the audit committee regularly reports the substance of such reviews and discussions to the board, as necessary, and recommends to the board such actions as the audit committee deems appropriate.
for a discussion of the companys cybersecurity-related risks, see item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading risk factors.item 2. properties
the companys headquarters is located in cupertino, california. as of september 28, 2024, the company owned or leased facilities and land for corporate functions, rd, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the u.s. and in various places outside the u.s. the company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.


item 3. legal proceedings
digital markets act investigations
on march 25, 2024, the commission announced that it had opened two formal noncompliance investigations against the company under the dma. the commissions investigations concern (1) article 5(4) of the dma, which relates to how developers may communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the app store as well as how developers may conclude contracts with those end users and (2) article 6(3) of the dma, which relates to default settings, uninstallation of apps, and a web browser choice screen on ios. on june 24, 2024, the commission announced its preliminary findings in the article 5(4) investigation alleging that the companys app store rules are in breach of the dma and announced that it had opened a third formal investigation against the company regarding whether the companys new contractual requirements for third-party app developers and app marketplaces may violate the dma. if the commission makes a final determination that there has been a violation, it can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the companys annual worldwide net sales. although any decision by the commission can be appealed to the general court of the eu, the effectiveness of the commissions order would apply immediately while the appeal is pending, unless a stay of the order is granted. the company believes that it complies with the dma and has continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the commission.
department of justice lawsuit
on march 21, 2024, the u.s. department of justice (the doj) and a number of state and district attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the district of new jersey against the company alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for performance smartphones and smartphones in violation of u.s. antitrust laws. the doj is seeking equitable relief to redress the alleged anticompetitive behavior. in addition,
various civil litigation matters have been filed in state and federal courts in the u.s.
alleging similar violations of u.s. antitrust laws and seeking monetary damages and other nonmonetary relief. the company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
epic games
epic games, inc. (epic) filed a lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california (the california district court) against the company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and californias unfair competition law based upon the companys operation of its app store. the california district court found that certain provisions of the companys app store review guidelines violate californias unfair competition law and issued an injunction enjoining the company from prohibiting developers from including in their apps external links that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than apple in-app purchasing. the injunction applies to apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store. on january 16, 2024, the company implemented a plan to comply with the injunction and filed a statement of compliance with the california district court. a motion by epic disputing the companys compliance plan and seeking to enforce the injunction, which the company has opposed, is pending before the california district court. on september 30, 2024, the company filed a motion with the california district court to narrow or vacate the injunction. the company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
other legal proceedings
the company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. the company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2024 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the companys financial condition or operating results. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. if one or more legal matters were resolved against the company in a reporting period for amounts above managements expectations, the companys financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.


item 4. mine safety disclosures
not applicable.part ii


item 5. market for registrants common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
the companys common stock is traded on the nasdaq stock market llc under the symbol aapl.
holders
as of october 18, 2024, there were 23,301 shareholders of record.
purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers
share repurchase activity during the three months ended september 28, 2024 was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts)



periods total numberof shares purchased average pricepaid per share total number of sharespurchased as part of publiclyannounced plans or programs approximate dollar value ofshares that may yet be purchasedunder the plans or programs(1)
june 30, 2024 to august 3, 2024
open market and privately negotiated purchases 35,697 $ 224.11 35,697

august 4, 2024 to august 31, 2024
open market and privately negotiated purchases 42,910 $ 221.39 42,910

september 1, 2024 to september 28, 2024
open market and privately negotiated purchases 33,653 $ 222.86 33,653
total 112,260 $ 89,074
(1)
as of september 28, 2024, the company was authorized by the board to purchase up to $110 billion of the companys common stock under a share repurchase program announced on may 2, 2024, of which $20.9 billion had been utilized. during the fourth quarter of 2024, the company also utilized the final $4.1 billion under its previous repurchase program, which was authorized in may 2023. the programs do not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act.company stock performance
the following graph shows a comparison of five-year cumulative total shareholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, for the company, the sp 500 index and the dow jones u.s. technology supersector index. the graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the companys common stock, the sp 500 index and the dow jones u.s. technology supersector index as of the market close on september 27, 2019. past stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.



september 2019 september 2020 september 2021 september 2022 september 2023 september 2024
apple inc. $ 100 $ 207 $ 273 $ 281 $ 322 $ 430
sp 500 index $ 100 $ 113 $ 156 $ 131 $ 155 $ 210
dow jones u.s. technology supersector index $ 100 $ 146 $ 216 $ 156 $ 215 $ 322


item 6. [reserved]item 7. managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. this item generally discusses 2024 and 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023. discussions of 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 are not included, and can be found in managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of the companys annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023.
product, service and software announcements
the company announces new product, service and software offerings at various times during the year. significant announcements during fiscal year 2024 included the following
first quarter 2024

macbook pro 14-in.
macbook pro 16-in. and
imac.
second quarter 2024
macbook air 13-in. and
macbook air 15-in.
third quarter 2024
ipad air
ipad pro
ios 18, macos sequoia, ipados 18, watchos 11, visionos 2 and tvos 18, updates to the companys operating systems and
apple intelligence, a personal intelligence system that uses generative models.
fourth quarter 2024
iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro and iphone 16 pro max
apple watch series 10 and
airpods 4.
fiscal period
the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the companys fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. the companys fiscal years 2024 and 2022 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks.
macroeconomic conditions
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the companys results of operations and financial condition.segment operating performance
the following table shows net sales by reportable segment for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions)



2024 change 2023 change 2022
americas $ 167,045 3 % $ 162,560 (4) % $ 169,658
europe 101,328 7 % 94,294 (1) % 95,118
greater china 66,952 (8) % 72,559 (2) % 74,200
japan 25,052 3 % 24,257 (7) % 25,977
rest of asia pacific 30,658 4 % 29,615 1 % 29,375
total net sales $ 391,035 2 % $ 383,285 (3) % $ 394,328
americas
americas net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services.
europe
europe net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services and iphone.
greater china
greater china net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of iphone and ipad. the weakness in the renminbi relative to the u.s. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on greater china net sales during 2024.
japan
japan net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of iphone. the weakness in the yen relative to the u.s. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on japan net sales during 2024.
rest of asia pacific
rest of asia pacific net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services. the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had a net unfavorable year-over-year impact on rest of asia pacific net sales during 2024.products and services performance
the following table shows net sales by category for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions)



2024 change 2023 change 2022
iphone $ 201,183 % $ 200,583 (2) % $ 205,489
mac 29,984 2 % 29,357 (27) % 40,177
ipad 26,694 (6) % 28,300 (3) % 29,292
wearables, home and accessories 37,005 (7) % 39,845 (3) % 41,241
services(1) 96,169 13 % 85,200 9 % 78,129
total net sales $ 391,035 2 % $ 383,285 (3) % $ 394,328
(1)
services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
iphone
iphone net sales were relatively flat during 2024 compared to 2023.
mac
mac net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of laptops.
ipad
ipad net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of ipad pro and the entry-level ipad models, partially offset by higher net sales of ipad air.
wearables, home and accessories
wearables, home and accessories net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of wearables and accessories.
services
services net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales from advertising, the app store

and cloud services.gross margin
products and services gross margin and gross margin percentage for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)



2024 2023 2022
gross margin
products $ 109,633 $ 108,803 $ 114,728
services 71,050 60,345 56,054
total gross margin $ 180,683 $ 169,148 $ 170,782

gross margin percentage
products 37.2 % 36.5 % 36.3 %
services 73.9 % 70.8 % 71.7 %
total gross margin percentage 46.2 % 44.1 % 43.3 %
products gross margin
products gross margin and products gross margin percentage increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due to cost savings, partially offset by a different products mix and the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar.
services gross margin
services gross margin increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher services net sales.
services gross margin percentage increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due to a different services mix.
the companys future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading risk factors. as a result, the company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure.
operating expenses
operating expenses for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)

2024 change 2023 change 2022
research and development $ 31,370 5 % $ 29,915 14 % $ 26,251
percentage of total net sales 8 % 8 % 7 %
selling, general and administrative $ 26,097 5 % $ 24,932 (1) % $ 25,094
percentage of total net sales 7 % 7 % 6 %
total operating expenses $ 57,467 5 % $ 54,847 7 % $ 51,345
percentage of total net sales 15 % 14 % 13 %
research and development
the growth in rd expense during 2024 compared to 2023 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses.
selling, general and administrative
selling, general and administrative expense increased $1.2 billion during 2024 compared to 2023.provision for income taxes
provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)



2024 2023 2022
provision for income taxes $ 29,749 $ 16,741 $ 19,300
effective tax rate 24.1 % 14.7 % 16.2 %
statutory federal income tax rate 21 % 21 % 21 %
the companys effective tax rate for 2024 was higher than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a one-time income tax charge of $10.2 billion, net, related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) and state income taxes, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, the impact of the u.s. federal rd credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation.
the companys effective tax rate for 2024 was higher compared to 2023 due primarily to a one-time income tax charge of $10.2 billion, net, related to the state aid decision, a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings and lower tax benefits from share-based compensation.
liquidity and capital resources
the company believes its balances of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which totaled $140.8 billion as of september 28, 2024, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.
the companys material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations
debt
as of september 28, 2024, the company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $97.3 billion (collectively the notes), with $10.9 billion payable within 12 months. future interest payments associated with the notes total $38.5 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.
the company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. as of september 28, 2024, the company had $10.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, all of which was payable within 12 months.
leases
the company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. as of september 28, 2024, the company had fixed lease payment obligations of $15.6 billion, with $2.0 billion payable within 12 months.
manufacturing purchase obligations
the company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the companys products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. the company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. as of september 28, 2024, the company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $53.0 billion, with $52.9 billion payable within 12 months.
other purchase obligations
the companys other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including assets related to product manufacturing, and noncancelable obligations related to supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. as of september 28, 2024, the company had other purchase obligations of $12.0 billion, with $4.1 billion payable within 12 months.
deemed repatriation tax payable
as of september 28, 2024, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tcja) was $16.5 billion, with $7.2 billion expected to be paid within 12 months.state aid decision tax payable
as of september 28, 2024, the company had an obligation to pay 14.2 billion or $15.8 billion to ireland in connection with the state aid decision, all of which was expected to be paid within 12 months. the funds necessary to settle the obligation were held in escrow as of september 28, 2024, and restricted from general use.
capital return program
in addition to its contractual cash requirements, the company has an authorized share repurchase program. the program does not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. as of september 28, 2024, the companys quarterly cash dividend was $0.25 per share. the company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the board.
in may 2024, the company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $110 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.25 per share beginning in may 2024. during 2024, the company repurchased $95.0 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.2 billion.
recent accounting pronouncements
income taxes
in december 2023, the financial accounting standards board (the fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2023-09,
income taxes (topic 740) improvements to income tax disclosures
(asu 2023-09), which will require the company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. asu 2023-09 will also require the company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. the company will adopt asu 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method.
segment reporting
in november 2023, the fasb issued asu no. 2023-07,
segment reporting (topic 280) improvements to reportable segment disclosures
(asu 2023-07), which will require the company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the companys chief operating decision maker (codm). in addition, asu 2023-07 will require the company to disclose the title and position of its codm and how the codm uses segment profit or loss information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. the company will adopt asu 2023-07 in its fourth quarter of 2025 using a retrospective transition method.
critical accounting estimates
the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and the companys discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the companys management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. note 1, summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the companys consolidated financial statements. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
uncertain tax positions
the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. the evaluation of the companys uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of gaap and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the tcja and the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. although management believes the companys reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that reflected in the companys reserves. reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with managements expectations could have a material impact on the companys financial condition and operating results.
legal and other contingencies
the company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. the company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with managements expectations could have a material impact on the companys financial condition and operating results.item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
the company is exposed to economic risk from interest rates and foreign exchange rates. the company uses various strategies to manage these risks however, they may still impact the companys consolidated financial statements.
interest rate risk
the company is primarily exposed to fluctuations in u.s. interest rates and their impact on the companys investment portfolio and term debt. increases in interest rates will negatively affect the fair value of the companys investment portfolio and increase the interest expense on the companys term debt. to protect against interest rate risk, the company may use derivative instruments, offset interest ratesensitive assets and liabilities, or control duration of the investment and term debt portfolios.
the following table sets forth potential impacts on the companys investment portfolio and term debt, including the effects of any associated derivatives, that would result from a hypothetical increase in relevant interest rates as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (dollars in millions)



interest ratesensitive instrument hypothetical interestrate increase potential impact 2024 2023
investment portfolio 100 basis points, all tenors decline in fair value $ 2,755 $ 3,089
term debt 100 basis points, all tenors increase in annual interest expense $ 139 $ 194
foreign exchange rate risk
the companys exposure to foreign exchange rate risk relates primarily to the company being a net receiver of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the u.s. dollar, will negatively affect the companys net sales and gross margins as expressed in u.s. dollars. fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the fair values of certain of the companys assets and liabilities. to protect against foreign exchange rate risk, the company may use derivative instruments, offset exposures, or adjust local currency pricing of its products and services. however, the company may choose to not hedge certain foreign currency exposures for a variety of reasons, including accounting considerations or prohibitive cost.
the company applied a value-at-risk (var) model to its foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. the var model used a monte carlo simulation. the var is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the companys foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. based on the results of the model, the company estimates, with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $538 million and $669 million as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively. changes in the companys underlying foreign currency exposures, which were excluded from the assessment, generally offset changes in the fair values of the companys foreign currency derivatives.item 8. financial statements and supplementary data



index to consolidated financial statements page
consolidated statements of operations for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 29
consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 30
consolidated balance sheets as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 31
consolidated statements of shareholders equity for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 32
consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 33
notes to consolidated financial statements 34
reports of independent registered public accounting firm 48
all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.apple inc.
consolidated statements of operations
(in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts)



years ended
september 28,2024 september 30,2023 september 24,2022
net sales
products $ 294,866 $ 298,085 $ 316,199
services 96,169 85,200 78,129
total net sales 391,035 383,285 394,328

cost of sales
products 185,233 189,282 201,471
services 25,119 24,855 22,075
total cost of sales 210,352 214,137 223,546
gross margin 180,683 169,148 170,782

operating expenses
research and development 31,370 29,915 26,251
selling, general and administrative 26,097 24,932 25,094
total operating expenses 57,467 54,847 51,345

operating income 123,216 114,301 119,437
other income(expense), net 269 (565) (334)
income before provision for income taxes 123,485 113,736 119,103
provision for income taxes 29,749 16,741 19,300
net income $ 93,736 $ 96,995 $ 99,803

earnings per share
basic $ 6.11 $ 6.16 $ 6.15
diluted $ 6.08 $ 6.13 $ 6.11

shares used in computing earnings per share
basic 15,343,783 15,744,231 16,215,963
diluted 15,408,095 15,812,547 16,325,819
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(in millions)



years ended
september 28,2024 september 30,2023 september 24,2022
net income $ 93,736 $ 96,995 $ 99,803
other comprehensive income(loss)
change in foreign currency translation, net of tax 395 (765) (1,511)

change in unrealized gainslosses on derivative instruments, net of tax
change in fair value of derivative instruments (832) 323 3,212
adjustment for net (gains)losses realized and included in net income (1,337) (1,717) (1,074)
total change in unrealized gainslosses on derivative instruments (2,169) (1,394) 2,138

change in unrealized gainslosses on marketable debt securities, net of tax
change in fair value of marketable debt securities 5,850 1,563 (12,104)
adjustment for net (gains)losses realized and included in net income 204 253 205
total change in unrealized gainslosses on marketable debt securities 6,054 1,816 (11,899)

total other comprehensive income(loss) 4,280 (343) (11,272)
total comprehensive income $ 98,016 $ 96,652 $ 88,531
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated balance sheets
(in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value)



september 28,2024 september 30,2023
assets
current assets
cash and cash equivalents $ 29,943 $ 29,965
marketable securities 35,228 31,590
accounts receivable, net 33,410 29,508
vendor non-trade receivables 32,833 31,477
inventories 7,286 6,331
other current assets 14,287 14,695
total current assets 152,987 143,566

non-current assets
marketable securities 91,479 100,544
property, plant and equipment, net 45,680 43,715
other non-current assets 74,834 64,758
total non-current assets 211,993 209,017
total assets $ 364,980 $ 352,583

liabilities and shareholders equity
current liabilities
accounts payable $ 68,960 $ 62,611
other current liabilities 78,304 58,829
deferred revenue 8,249 8,061
commercial paper 9,967 5,985
term debt 10,912 9,822
total current liabilities 176,392 145,308

non-current liabilities
term debt 85,750 95,281
other non-current liabilities 45,888 49,848
total non-current liabilities 131,638 145,129
total liabilities 308,030 290,437

commitments and contingencies

shareholders equity
common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.00001par value50,400,000shares authorized15,116,786and15,550,061shares issued and outstanding, respectively 83,276 73,812
accumulated deficit (19,154) (214)
accumulated other comprehensive loss (7,172) (11,452)
total shareholders equity 56,950 62,146
total liabilities and shareholders equity $ 364,980 $ 352,583
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of shareholders equity
(in millions, except per-share amounts)



years ended
september 28,2024 september 30,2023 september 24,2022
total shareholders equity, beginning balances $ 62,146 $ 50,672 $ 63,090

common stock and additional paid-in capital
beginning balances 73,812 64,849 57,365
common stock issued 1,423 1,346 1,175
common stock withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards (3,993) (3,521) (2,971)
share-based compensation 12,034 11,138 9,280
ending balances 83,276 73,812 64,849

retained earnings(accumulated deficit)
beginning balances (214) (3,068) 5,562
net income 93,736 96,995 99,803
dividends and dividend equivalents declared (15,218) (14,996) (14,793)
common stock withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards (1,612) (2,099) (3,454)
common stock repurchased (95,846) (77,046) (90,186)
ending balances (19,154) (214) (3,068)

accumulated other comprehensive income(loss)
beginning balances (11,452) (11,109) 163
other comprehensive income(loss) 4,280 (343) (11,272)
ending balances (7,172) (11,452) (11,109)

total shareholders equity, ending balances $ 56,950 $ 62,146 $ 50,672

dividends and dividend equivalents declared per share or rsu $ 0.98 $ 0.94 $ 0.90
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of cash flows
(in millions)



years ended
september 28,2024 september 30,2023 september 24,2022
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning balances $ 30,737 $ 24,977 $ 35,929

operating activities
net income 93,736 96,995 99,803
adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities
depreciation and amortization 11,445 11,519 11,104
share-based compensation expense 11,688 10,833 9,038

other (2,266) (2,227) 1,006
changes in operating assets and liabilities
accounts receivable, net (3,788) (1,688) (1,823)
vendor non-trade receivables (1,356) 1,271 (7,520)
inventories (1,046) (1,618) 1,484
other current and non-current assets (11,731) (5,684) (6,499)
accounts payable 6,020 (1,889) 9,448
other current and non-current liabilities 15,552 3,031 6,110
cash generated by operating activities 118,254 110,543 122,151

investing activities
purchases of marketable securities (48,656) (29,513) (76,923)
proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 51,211 39,686 29,917
proceeds from sales of marketable securities 11,135 5,828 37,446
payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment (9,447) (10,959) (10,708)

other (1,308) (1,337) (2,086)
cash generated by(used in) investing activities 2,935 3,705 (22,354)

financing activities
payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards (5,441) (5,431) (6,223)
payments for dividends and dividend equivalents (15,234) (15,025) (14,841)
repurchases of common stock (94,949) (77,550) (89,402)
proceeds from issuance of term debt, net 5,228 5,465
repayments of term debt (9,958) (11,151) (9,543)
proceeds from(repayments of) commercial paper, net 3,960 (3,978) 3,955
other (361) (581) (160)
cash used in financing activities (121,983) (108,488) (110,749)

increase(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents (794) 5,760 (10,952)
cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents, ending balances $ 29,943 $ 30,737 $ 24,977

supplemental cash flow disclosure
cash paid for income taxes, net $ 26,102 $ 18,679 $ 19,573
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
note 1
summary of significant accounting policies
basis of presentation and preparation
the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of apple inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with gaap requires the use of management estimates. certain prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to conform to the current periods presentation.
the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the companys fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2023. the companys fiscal years 2024 and 2022 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks. unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the companys fiscal years ended in september and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
revenue
the company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities.
share-based compensation
the company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest.
cash equivalents
all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents.
marketable securities
the cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method.
inventories
inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method.
property, plant and equipment
depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis.
derivative instruments
the company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the consolidated balance sheets.
income taxes
the company records certain deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with the minimum tax on certain foreign earnings created by the tcja.
leases
the company combines and accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for leases of corporate, data center and retail facilities.note 2
revenue
the company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of the products or services is transferred to its customers. control is generally transferred when the company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. for most of the companys products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. for the companys services net sales, control transfers over time as services are delivered. payment for products and services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable.
the company records reductions to products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer incentive programs based on the companys expectations and historical experience.
for arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (ssps). when available, the company uses observable prices to determine ssps. when observable prices are not available, ssps are established that reflect the companys best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. the companys process for estimating ssps without observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation.
the company has identified the performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iphone, mac and ipad. the first material performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. the second material performance obligation is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include icloud

, siri
and maps. the company allocates revenue and any related discounts to all of its performance obligations based on their relative ssps. because the company lacks observable prices for product-related bundled services, the allocation of revenue is based on the companys estimated ssps. revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled software is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. revenue allocated to product-related bundled services is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided.
for certain long-term service arrangements, the company has performance obligations for services it has not yet delivered. for these arrangements, the company does not have a right to bill for the undelivered services. the company has determined that any unbilled consideration relates entirely to the value of the undelivered services. accordingly, the company has not recognized revenue, and does not disclose amounts, related to these undelivered services.
for the sale of third-party products where the company obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. the company considers multiple factors when determining whether it obtains control of third-party products, including evaluating if it can establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring acceptability of the product. for third-party applications sold through the app store, the company does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the customer. therefore, the company accounts for all third-party applicationrelated sales on a net basis by recognizing in services net sales only the commission it retains.
net sales disaggregated by significant products and services for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in millions)



2024 2023 2022
iphone $ 201,183 $ 200,583 $ 205,489
mac 29,984 29,357 40,177
ipad 26,694 28,300 29,292
wearables, home and accessories 37,005 39,845 41,241
services(1) 96,169 85,200 78,129
total net sales $ 391,035 $ 383,285 $ 394,328
(1)
services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
total net sales include $
7.7
billion of revenue recognized in 2024 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 30, 2023, $
8.2
billion of revenue recognized in 2023 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 24, 2022, and $
7.5
billion of revenue recognized in 2022 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 25, 2021.the companys proportion of net sales by disaggregated revenue source was generally consistent for each reportable segment in note 13, segment information and geographic data for 2024, 2023 and 2022, except in greater china, where iphone revenue represented a moderately higher proportion of net sales.
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the company had total deferred revenue of $
12.8
billion and $
12.1
billion, respectively. as of september 28, 2024, the company expects
64
% of total deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year,
25
% within one-to-two years,
9
% within two-to-three years and
2
% in greater than three years.
note 3
earnings per share
the following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (net income in millions and shares in thousands)



2024 2023 2022
numerator
net income $ 93,736 $ 96,995 $ 99,803

denominator
weighted-average basic shares outstanding 15,343,783 15,744,231 16,215,963
effect of dilutive share-based awards 64,312 68,316 109,856
weighted-average diluted shares 15,408,095 15,812,547 16,325,819

basic earnings per share $ 6.11 $ 6.16 $ 6.15
diluted earnings per share $ 6.08 $ 6.13 $ 6.11
approximately
24
million restricted stock units (rsus) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for 2023 because their effect would have been antidilutive.
note 4
financial instruments
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
the following tables show the companys cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)

2024
adjustedcost unrealizedgains unrealizedlosses fairvalue cash andcashequivalents currentmarketablesecurities non-currentmarketablesecurities
cash $ 27,199 $ $ $ 27,199 $ 27,199 $ $
level 1
money market funds 778 778 778
mutual funds 515 105 (3) 617 617
subtotal 1,293 105 (3) 1,395 778 617
level 2(1)
u.s. treasury securities 16,150 45 (516) 15,679 212 4,087 11,380
u.s. agency securities 5,431 (272) 5,159 155 703 4,301
non-u.s. government securities 17,959 93 (484) 17,568 1,158 10,810 5,600
certificates of deposit and time deposits 873 873 387 478 8
commercial paper 1,066 1,066 28 1,038
corporate debt securities 65,622 270 (1,953) 63,939 26 16,027 47,886
municipal securities 412 (7) 405 190 215
mortgage- and asset-backed securities 24,595 175 (1,403) 23,367 1,278 22,089
subtotal 132,108 583 (4,635) 128,056 1,966 34,611 91,479
total(2)(3) $ 160,600 $ 688 $ (4,638) $ 156,650 $ 29,943 $ 35,228 $ 91,479


2023
adjustedcost unrealizedgains unrealizedlosses fairvalue cash andcashequivalents currentmarketablesecurities non-currentmarketablesecurities
cash $ 28,359 $ $ $ 28,359 $ 28,359 $ $
level 1
money market funds 481 481 481
mutual funds and equity securities 442 12 (26) 428 428
subtotal 923 12 (26) 909 481 428
level 2(1)
u.s. treasury securities 19,406 (1,292) 18,114 35 5,468 12,611
u.s. agency securities 5,736 (600) 5,136 36 271 4,829
non-u.s. government securities 17,533 6 (1,048) 16,491 11,332 5,159
certificates of deposit and time deposits 1,354 1,354 1,034 320
commercial paper 608 608 608
corporate debt securities 76,840 6 (5,956) 70,890 20 12,627 58,243
municipal securities 628 (26) 602 192 410
mortgage- and asset-backed securities 22,365 6 (2,735) 19,636 344 19,292
subtotal 144,470 18 (11,657) 132,831 1,125 31,162 100,544
total(3) $ 173,752 $ 30 $ (11,683) $ 162,099 $ 29,965 $ 31,590 $ 100,544
(1)
the valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the companys level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
(2)
as of september 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $
2.6
billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. these restricted cash and cash equivalents were designated to settle the companys obligation related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes).
(3)
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, total marketable securities included $
13.2
billion and $
13.8
billion, respectively, held in escrow and restricted from general use. the september 28, 2024 restricted marketable securities were designated to settle the companys obligation related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes).
as of september 28, 2024,
86
% of the companys non-current marketable debt securities other than mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
10
% between 5 and 10 years, and
4
% greater than 10 years. as of september 28, 2024,
14
% of the companys non-current mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
9
77
% greater than 10 years.
the companys investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. the company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based on each instruments underlying maturity.
derivative instruments and hedging
the company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. however, the company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. there can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
the company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the consolidated statements of cash flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities.
foreign exchange rate risk
to protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. the company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to
12
months.to protect the companys foreign currencydenominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. the company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. as of september 28, 2024, the maximum length of time over which the company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debtrelated foreign currency transactions is
18
years.
the company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.
interest rate risk
to protect the companys term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the company may use interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. the company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges.
the notional amounts of the companys outstanding derivative instruments as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 were as follows (in millions)



2024 2023
derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges
foreign exchange contracts $ 64,069 $ 74,730
interest rate contracts $ 14,575 $ 19,375

derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges
foreign exchange contracts $ 91,493 $ 104,777
the carrying amounts of the companys hedged items in fair value hedges as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 were as follows (in millions)

2024 2023
hedged assets(liabilities)
current and non-current marketable securities $ $ 14,433
current and non-current term debt $ (13,505) $ (18,247)
accounts receivable
trade receivables
the companys third-party cellular network carriers accounted for
38
% and
41
% of total trade receivables as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively. the company requires third-party credit support or collateral from certain customers to limit credit risk.
vendor non-trade receivables
the company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the company. the company purchases these components directly from suppliers. the company does not reflect the sale of these components in products net sales. rather, the company recognizes any gain on these sales as a reduction of products cost of sales when the related final products are sold by the company. as of september 28, 2024, the company had
two
vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for
44
23
%. as of september 30, 2023, the company had
48
%.note 5
property, plant and equipment
the following table shows the companys gross property, plant and equipment by major asset class and accumulated depreciation as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)



2024 2023
land and buildings $ 24,690 $ 23,446
machinery, equipment and internal-use software 80,205 78,314
leasehold improvements 14,233 12,839
gross property, plant and equipment 119,128 114,599
accumulated depreciation (73,448) (70,884)
total property, plant and equipment, net $ 45,680 $ 43,715
depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was $
8.2
billion, $
8.5
billion and $
8.7
billion during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
note 6
consolidated financial statement details
the following tables show the companys consolidated financial statement details as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)
other non-current assets

2024 2023
deferred tax assets $ 19,499 $ 17,852
other non-current assets 55,335 46,906
total other non-current assets $ 74,834 $ 64,758
other current liabilities

2024 2023
income taxes payable $ 26,601 $ 8,819
other current liabilities 51,703 50,010
total other current liabilities $ 78,304 $ 58,829
other non-current liabilities

2024 2023
income taxes payable $ 9,254 $ 15,457
other non-current liabilities 36,634 34,391
total other non-current liabilities $ 45,888 $ 49,848
note 7
income taxes
european commission state aid decision
on august 30, 2016, the commission announced its decision that ireland granted state aid to the company by providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the irish branches of
two
subsidiaries of the company (the state aid decision). the state aid decision ordered ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from the company for the period june 2003 through december 2014. irish legislative changes, effective as of january 2015, eliminated the application of the tax opinions from that date forward. the recovery amount was calculated to be
13.1
billion, plus interest of
1.2
billion.
from time to time, the company requested approval from the irish minister for finance to reduce the recovery amount for certain taxes paid to other countries. as of september 28, 2024, the adjusted recovery amount of
12.7
billion plus interest of
billion was held in escrow and restricted from general use. the total balance of the escrow, including net unrealized investment gains, was
14.2
billion or $
15.8
billion as of september 28, 2024, of which $
2.6
billion was classified as cash and cash equivalents and $
13.2
billion was classified as current marketable securities in the consolidated balance sheet. refer to the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities section of note 4, financial instruments for more information.the company and ireland appealed the state aid decision to the general court of the court of justice of the european union (the general court). on july 15, 2020, the general court annulled the state aid decision. on september 25, 2020, the commission appealed the general courts decision to the european court of justice (the ecj) and a hearing was held on may 23, 2023. on september 10, 2024, the ecj announced that it had set aside the 2020 judgment of the general court and confirmed the commissions 2016 state aid decision. as a result, during the fourth quarter of 2024 the company recorded a one-time income tax charge of $
10.2
billion, net, which represents $
15.8
billion payable to ireland via release of the escrow, partially offset by a u.s. foreign tax credit of $
4.8
billion and a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits of $
823
million.
provision for income taxes and effective tax rate
the provision for income taxes for 2024, 2023 and 2022, consisted of the following (in millions)



2024 2023 2022
federal
current $ 5,571 $ 9,445 $ 7,890
deferred (3,080) (3,644) (2,265)
total 2,491 5,801 5,625
state
current 1,726 1,570 1,519
deferred (298) (49) 84
total 1,428 1,521 1,603
foreign
current 25,483 8,750 8,996
deferred 347 669 3,076
total 25,830 9,419 12,072
provision for income taxes $ 29,749 $ 16,741 $ 19,300
foreign pretax earnings were $
77.3
billion, $
72.9
billion and $
71.3
billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (
21
% in 2024, 2023 and 2022) to income before provision for income taxes for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows (dollars in millions)

2024 2023 2022
computed expected tax $ 25,932 $ 23,885 $ 25,012
state taxes, net of federal effect 1,162 1,124 1,518
impact of the state aid decision 10,246
earnings of foreign subsidiaries (5,311) (5,744) (4,366)
research and development credit, net (1,397) (1,212) (1,153)
excess tax benefits from equity awards (893) (1,120) (1,871)
other 10 (192) 160
provision for income taxes $ 29,749 $ 16,741 $ 19,300
effective tax rate 24.1 % 14.7 % 16.2 %deferred tax assets and liabilities
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the significant components of the companys deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in millions)



2024 2023
deferred tax assets
capitalized research and development $ 10,739 $ 6,294
tax credit carryforwards 8,856 8,302
accrued liabilities and other reserves 6,114 6,365
deferred revenue 3,413 4,571
lease liabilities 2,410 2,421
unrealized losses 1,173 2,447
other 2,168 2,343
total deferred tax assets 34,873 32,743
less valuation allowance (8,866) (8,374)
total deferred tax assets, net 26,007 24,369
deferred tax liabilities
depreciation 2,551 1,998
right-of-use assets 2,125 2,179
minimum tax on foreign earnings 1,674 1,940
unrealized gains 511
other 455 490
total deferred tax liabilities 6,805 7,118
net deferred tax assets $ 19,202 $ 17,251
as of september 28, 2024, the company had $
5.1
billion in foreign tax credit carryforwards in ireland and $
3.6
billion in california rd credit carryforwards, both of which can be carried forward indefinitely. a valuation allowance has been recorded for the credit carryforwards and a portion of other temporary differences.
uncertain tax positions
as of september 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $
22.0
billion, of which $
10.8
billion, if recognized, would impact the companys effective tax rate. as of september 30, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $
19.5
9.5
billion, if recognized, would have impacted the companys effective tax rate.
the aggregate change in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and penalties, for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows (in millions)

2024 2023 2022
beginning balances $ 19,454 $ 16,758 $ 15,477
increases related to tax positions taken during a prior year 1,727 2,044 2,284
decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior year (386) (1,463) (1,982)
increases related to tax positions taken during the current year 2,542 2,628 1,936
decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities (1,070) (19) (28)
decreases related to expiration of the statute of limitations (229) (494) (929)
ending balances $ 22,038 $ 19,454 $ 16,758
the company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisd
ictions. tax years after 2017 for the u.s. federal jurisdiction, and after 2014 in certain major foreign jurisdictions, remain subject to examination. altho
ugh the timing of resolution or closure of examinations is not certain, the company
believes it is reasonably possible that its gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease between approximately $
5
billion and $
13
billion in the next 12 months, primarily related to intercompany transfer pricing and deemed repatriation tax.note 8
leases
the company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. these leases typically have original terms not exceeding
10
years and generally contain multiyear renewal options, some of which are reasonably certain of exercise.
payments under the companys lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. lease costs associated with fixed payments on the companys operating leases were $
2.0
billion for both 2024 and 2023 and $
1.9
billion for 2022. lease costs associated with variable payments on the companys leases were $
13.8
billion, $
13.9
billion and $
14.9
billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the company made fixed cash payments related to operating leases of $
billion in both 2024 and 2023 and $
1.8
billion in 2022. noncash activities involving right-of-use (rou) assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were $
1.0
2.1
2.8
the following table shows rou assets and lease liabilities, and the associated financial statement line items, as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)



lease-related assets and liabilities financial statement line items 2024 2023
right-of-use assets
operating leases other non-current assets $ 10,234 $ 10,661
finance leases property, plant and equipment, net 1,069 1,015
total right-of-use assets $ 11,303 $ 11,676

lease liabilities
operating leases other current liabilities $ 1,488 $ 1,410
other non-current liabilities 10,046 10,408
finance leases other current liabilities 144 165
other non-current liabilities 752 859
total lease liabilities $ 12,430 $ 12,842
lease liability maturities as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)

operatingleases financeleases total
2025 $ 1,820 $ 171 $ 1,991
2026 1,914 131 2,045
2027 1,674 59 1,733
2028 1,360 38 1,398
2029 1,187 36 1,223
thereafter 5,563 837 6,400
total undiscounted liabilities 13,518 1,272 14,790
less imputed interest (1,984) (376) (2,360)
total lease liabilities $ 11,534 $ 896 $ 12,430
the weighted-average remaining lease term related to the companys lease liabilities as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 was
10.3
years and
10.6
years, respectively. the discount rate related to the companys lease liabilities as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 was
3.1
% and
3.0
%, respectively.
the discount rates related to the companys lease liabilities are generally based on estimates of the companys incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the companys leases cannot be readily determined.
as of september 28, 2024, the company had $
849
million of fixed payment obligations under additional leases, primarily for corporate facilities and retail space, that had not yet commenced. these leases will commence between 2025 and 2026, with lease terms ranging from less than
1
year to
21
years.note 9
debt
commercial paper
the company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. the company uses net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the company had $
10.0
billion and $
6.0
billion of commercial paper outstanding, respectively, with maturities generally less than
nine months
. the weighted-average interest rate of the companys commercial paper was
5.00
% and
5.28
% as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively.
the following table provides a summary of cash flows associated with the issuance and maturities of commercial paper for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)



2024 2023 2022
maturities 90 days or less
proceeds from(repayments of) commercial paper, net $ 3,960 $ (1,333) $ 5,264

maturities greater than 90 days
proceeds from commercial paper 5,948
repayments of commercial paper (2,645) (7,257)
proceeds from(repayments of) commercial paper, net (2,645) (1,309)

total proceeds from(repayments of) commercial paper, net $ 3,960 $ (3,978) $ 3,955
term debt
the company has outstanding notes, which are senior unsecured obligations with interest payable in arrears.
the following table provides a summary of the companys term debt as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023

maturities(calendar year) 2024 2023
amount(in millions) effectiveinterest rate amount(in millions) effectiveinterest rate
2013 2023 debt issuances
fixed-rate0.000% 4.850% notes 20242062 $ 97,341 0.03% 6.65% $ 106,572 0.03% 6.72%



total term debt principal 97,341 106,572

unamortized premium(discount) and issuance costs, net (321) (356)
hedge accounting fair value adjustments (358) (1,113)
total term debt 96,662 105,103
less current portion of term debt (10,912) (9,822)
total non-current portion of term debt $ 85,750 $ 95,281
to manage interest rate risk on certain of its u.s. dollardenominated fixed-rate notes, the company uses interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates on a portion of these notes. additionally, to manage foreign exchange rate risk on certain of its foreign currencydenominated notes, the company uses cross-currency swaps to effectively convert these notes to u.s. dollardenominated notes.
the effective interest rates for the notes include the interest on the notes, amortization of the discount or premium and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.
the future principal payments for the companys notes as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)

2025 $ 10,930
2026 12,342
2027 9,936
2028 7,800
2029 5,153
thereafter 51,180
total term debt principal $ 97,341 as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the fair value of the companys notes, based on level 2 inputs, was $
88.4
billion and $
90.8
billion, respectively.
note 10
shareholders equity
share repurchase program
during 2024, the company repurchased
499
million shares of its common stock for $
95.0
billion. the companys share repurchase programs do not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act.
shares of common stock
the following table shows the changes in shares of common stock for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands)



2024 2023 2022
common stock outstanding, beginning balances 15,550,061 15,943,425 16,426,786
common stock repurchased (499,372) (471,419) (568,589)
common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 66,097 78,055 85,228
common stock outstanding, ending balances 15,116,786 15,550,061 15,943,425
note 11
share-based compensation
2022 employee stock plan
the apple inc. 2022 employee stock plan (the 2022 plan) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of rsus, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights. rsus granted under the 2022 plan generally vest over
four years
, based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting in shares of the companys common stock on a
one
-for-one basis. all rsus granted under the 2022 plan have dividend equivalent rights, which entitle holders of rsus to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. a maximum of approximately
1.3
billion shares were authorized for issuance pursuant to 2022 plan awards at the time the plan was approved on march 4, 2022.
2014 employee stock plan
the apple inc. 2014 employee stock plan, as amended and restated (the 2014 plan), is a shareholder-approved plan that provided for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers. the 2014 plan permitted the granting of the same types of equity awards with substantially the same terms as the 2022 plan. the 2014 plan also permitted the granting of cash bonus awards. in the third quarter of 2022, the company terminated the authority to grant new awards under the 2014 plan.restricted stock units
a summary of the companys rsu activity and related information for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows



number ofrsus(in thousands) weighted-averagegrant-date fairvalue per rsu aggregatefair value(in millions)
balance as of september 25, 2021 240,427 $ 75.16
rsus granted 91,674 $ 150.70
rsus vested (115,861) $ 72.12
rsus canceled (14,739) $ 99.77
balance as of september 24, 2022 201,501 $ 109.48
rsus granted 88,768 $ 150.87
rsus vested (101,878) $ 97.31
rsus canceled (8,144) $ 127.98
balance as of september 30, 2023 180,247 $ 135.91
rsus granted 80,456 $ 173.78
rsus vested (87,633) $ 127.59
rsus canceled (9,744) $ 140.80
balance as of september 28, 2024 163,326 $ 158.73 $ 37,204
the fair value as of the respective vesting dates of rsus was $
15.8
billion, $
15.9
billion and $
18.2
billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the majority of rsus that vested in 2024, 2023 and 2022 were net share settled such that the company withheld shares with a value equivalent to the employees obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. the total shares withheld were approximately
31
million,
37
million and
41
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were based on the value of the rsus on their respective vesting dates as determined by the companys closing stock price. total payments to taxing authorities for employees tax obligations were $
5.6
billion in both 2024 and 2023 and $
6.4
billion in 2022.
share-based compensation
the following table shows share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit included in the consolidated statements of operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)

2024 2023 2022
share-based compensation expense $ 11,688 $ 10,833 $ 9,038
income tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense $ (3,350) $ (3,421) $ (4,002)
as of september 28, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding rsus was $
19.4
billion, which the company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of
2.4
years.
note 12
commitments, contingencies and supply concentrations
unconditional purchase obligations
the company has entered into certain offbalance sheet commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (unconditional purchase obligations). the companys unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights.
future payments under unconditional purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)

2025 $ 3,206
2026 2,440
2027 1,156
2028 3,121
2029 633
thereafter 670
total $ 11,226 contingencies
the company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
concentrations in the available sources of supply of materials and product
although most components essential to the companys business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. the company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. therefore, many components used by the company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
the company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the company often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements.
substantially all of the companys hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam.
note 13
segment information and geographic data
the company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. the companys reportable segments consist of the americas, europe, greater china, japan and rest of asia pacific. americas includes both north and south america. europe includes european countries, as well as india, the middle east and africa. greater china includes china mainland, hong kong and taiwan. rest of asia pacific includes australia and those asian countries not included in the companys other reportable segments. although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the companys customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
the company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on net sales and operating income. net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the companys retail stores located in those geographic locations. operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. the information provided to the companys chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.the following table shows information by reportable segment for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)



2024 2023 2022
americas
net sales $ 167,045 $ 162,560 $ 169,658
operating income $ 67,656 $ 60,508 $ 62,683

europe
net sales $ 101,328 $ 94,294 $ 95,118
operating income $ 41,790 $ 36,098 $ 35,233

greater china
net sales $ 66,952 $ 72,559 $ 74,200
operating income $ 27,082 $ 30,328 $ 31,153

japan
net sales $ 25,052 $ 24,257 $ 25,977
operating income $ 12,454 $ 11,888 $ 12,257

rest of asia pacific
net sales $ 30,658 $ 29,615 $ 29,375
operating income $ 13,062 $ 12,066 $ 11,569
a reconciliation of the companys segment operating income to the consolidated statements of operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows (in millions)

2024 2023 2022
segment operating income $ 162,044 $ 150,888 $ 152,895
research and development expense (31,370) (29,915) (26,251)
other corporate expenses, net(1) (7,458) (6,672) (7,207)
total operating income $ 123,216 $ 114,301 $ 119,437
(1)
includes general and administrative compensation costs, various nonrecurring charges, and other separately managed costs.
the following tables show net sales for 2024, 2023 and 2022 and long-lived assets as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 for countries that individually accounted for 10% or more of the respective totals, as well as aggregate amounts for the remaining countries (in millions)

2024 2023 2022
net sales
u.s. $ 142,196 $ 138,573 $ 147,859
china(1) 66,952 72,559 74,200
other countries 181,887 172,153 172,269
total net sales $ 391,035 $ 383,285 $ 394,328

2024 2023
long-lived assets
u.s. $ 35,664 $ 33,276
china(1) 4,797 5,778
other countries 5,219 4,661
total long-lived assets $ 45,680 $ 43,715
china includes hong kong and taiwan.report of independent registered public accounting firm
to the shareholders and the board of directors of apple inc.
opinion on the financial statements
we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of apple inc. (the company) as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap).
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the companys internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
internal control integrated framework
issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated november 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion
these financial statements are the responsibility of the companys management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter
the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.



uncertain tax positions
description of the matter as discussed in note 7 to the financial statements, the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. as of september 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $22.0 billion, of which $10.8 billion, if recognized, would impact the companys effective tax rate. in accounting for some of the uncertain tax positions, the company uses significant judgment in the interpretation and application of gaap and complex domestic and international tax laws.auditing managements evaluation of whether an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and the measurement of the benefit of various tax positions can be complex, involves significant judgment, and is based on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings.


how we addressed thematter in our audit we tested controls relating to the evaluation of uncertain tax positions, including controls over managements assessment as to whether tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained, managements process to measure the benefit of its tax positions that qualify for recognition, and the related disclosures.we evaluated the companys assessment of which tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained and the related measurement of the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. our audit procedures included, among others, reading and evaluating managements assumptions and analysis, and, as applicable, the companys communications with taxing authorities, that detailed the basis and technical merits of the uncertain tax positions. we involved our tax subject matter resources in assessing the technical merits of certain of the companys tax positions based on our knowledge of relevant tax laws and experience with related taxing authorities. for a certain tax position, we also received an external legal counsel confirmation letter and discussed the matter with external advisors and the companys tax personnel. in addition, we evaluated the companys disclosure in relation to these matters included in note 7 to the financial statements.
s
ernst young llp
we have served as the companys auditor since 2009.
san jose, california
november 1, 2024report of independent registered public accounting firm
to the shareholders and the board of directors of apple inc.
opinion on internal control over financial reporting
we have audited apple inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
internal control integrated framework
issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, apple inc. (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated november 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion
the companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting
a companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
s ernst young llp
san jose, california
november 1, 2024item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure
none.


item 9a. controls and procedures
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the companys management, the companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the exchange act were effective as of september 28, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the company in reports that it files or submits under the exchange act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the sec rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
inherent limitations over internal controls
the companys internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gaap. the companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the companys assets
(ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap, and that the companys receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the companys management and directors and
(iii)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
management, including the companys chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that the companys internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting
the companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the exchange act). management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in internal control integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework). based on the companys assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of september 28, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap. the companys independent registered public accounting firm, ernst young llp, has issued an audit report on the companys internal control over financial reporting, which appears in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
changes in internal control over financial reporting
there were no changes in the companys internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2024, which were identified in connection with managements evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the exchange act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the companys internal control over financial reporting.item 9b. other information
insider trading arrangements
on
august 27, 2024
,
deirdre obrien
, the companys
senior vice president, retail
entered
into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of rule 10b5-1(c) under the exchange act. the plan provides for the sale, subject to certain price limits, of shares vesting between april 1, 2025 and october 1, 2026, pursuant to certain equity awards granted to ms. obrien, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations. ms. obriens plan will
expire
on
december 31, 2026
, subject to early termination in accordance with the terms of the plan.
august 29, 2024
jeff williams
chief operating officer
into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of rule 10b5-1(c) under the exchange act. the plan provides for the sale, subject to certain price limits, of up to
100,000
shares of common stock, as well as shares vesting between april 1, 2025 and october 1, 2025, pursuant to certain equity awards granted to mr. williams, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations. mr. williams plan will expire on
december 15, 2025


item 9c. disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections
not applicable.
part iii


item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance
the company
has
an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the companys securities that applies to all company personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. the company also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities. the company believes that its insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the company. a copy of the companys insider trading policy is filed as exhibit 19.1 to this form 10-k.
the remaining information required by this item will be included in the companys definitive proxy statement to be filed with the sec within 120 days after september 28, 2024, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the companys 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2025 proxy statement), and is incorporated herein by reference.


item 11. executive compensation
the information required by this item will be included in the 2025 proxy statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.


item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters


item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence


item 14. principal accountant fees and servicespart iv


item 15. exhibit and financial statement schedules
(a)
documents filed as part of this report
(1)
all financial statements



index to consolidated financial statements page
consolidated statements of operations for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 29
consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 30
consolidated balance sheets as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 31
consolidated statements of shareholders equity for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 32
consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended september 28, 2024, september 30, 2023 and september 24, 2022 33
notes to consolidated financial statements 34
reports of independent registered public accounting firm 48

ernst young llp, pcaob firm id no. 000
42
.
(2)
financial statement schedules
all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this form 10-k.
(3)
exhibits required by item 601 of regulation s-k

incorporated by reference
exhibit number exhibit description form exhibit filing dateperiod end date
3.1 restated articles of incorporation of the registrant filed on august 3, 2020. 8-k 3.1 8720
3.2 amended and restated bylaws of the registrant effective as of august 20, 2024. 8-k 3.2 82324
4.1 description of securities of the registrant.
4.2 indenture, dated as of april 29, 2013, between the registrant and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee. s-3 4.1 42913
4.3 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 3, 2013, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2016, floating rate notes due 2018, 0.45% notes due 2016, 1.00% notes due 2018, 2.40% notes due 2023 and 3.85% notes due 2043. 8-k 4.1 5313
4.4 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 6, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2017, floating rate notes due 2019, 1.05% notes due 2017, 2.10% notes due 2019, 2.85% notes due 2021, 3.45% notes due 2024 and 4.45% notes due 2044. 8-k 4.1 5614
4.5 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of november 10, 2014, including forms of global notes representing the 1.000% notes due 2022 and 1.625% notes due 2026. 8-k 4.1 111014
4.6 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of february 9, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2020, 1.55% notes due 2020, 2.15% notes due 2022, 2.50% notes due 2025 and 3.45% notes due 2045. 8-k 4.1 2915
4.7 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 13, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2017, floating rate notes due 2020, 0.900% notes due 2017, 2.000% notes due 2020, 2.700% notes due 2022, 3.200% notes due 2025, and 4.375% notes due 2045. 8-k 4.1 51315
4.8 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of july 31, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 3.05% notes due 2029 and 3.60% notes due 2042. 8-k 4.1 73115
4.9 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of september 17, 2015, including forms of global notes representing the 1.375% notes due 2024 and 2.000% notes due 2027. 8-k 4.1 91715


incorporated by reference
exhibit number exhibit description form exhibit filing dateperiod end date
4.10 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of february 23, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2019, floating rate notes due 2021, 1.300% notes due 2018, 1.700% notes due 2019, 2.250% notes due 2021, 2.850% notes due 2023, 3.250% notes due 2026, 4.500% notes due 2036 and 4.650% notes due 2046. 8-k 4.1 22316
4.11 supplement no. 1 to the officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of march 24, 2016. 8-k 4.1 32416
4.12 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of august 4, 2016, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2019, 1.100% notes due 2019, 1.550% notes due 2021, 2.450% notes due 2026 and 3.850% notes due 2046. 8-k 4.1 8416
4.13 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of february 9, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2019, floating rate notes due 2020, floating rate notes due 2022, 1.550% notes due 2019, 1.900% notes due 2020, 2.500% notes due 2022, 3.000% notes due 2024, 3.350% notes due 2027 and 4.250% notes due 2047. 8-k 4.1 2917
4.14 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 11, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the floating rate notes due 2020, floating rate notes due 2022, 1.800% notes due 2020, 2.300% notes due 2022, 2.850% notes due 2024 and 3.200% notes due 2027. 8-k 4.1 51117
4.15 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 24, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 0.875% notes due 2025 and 1.375% notes due 2029. 8-k 4.1 52417
4.16 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of june 20, 2017, including form of global note representing the 3.000% notes due 2027. 8-k 4.1 62017
4.17 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of september 12, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.500% notes due 2019, 2.100% notes due 2022, 2.900% notes due 2027 and 3.750% notes due 2047. 8-k 4.1 91217
4.18 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of november 13, 2017, including forms of global notes representing the 1.800% notes due 2019, 2.000% notes due 2020, 2.400% notes due 2023, 2.750% notes due 2025, 3.000% notes due 2027 and 3.750% notes due 2047. 8-k 4.1 111317
4.19 indenture, dated as of november 5, 2018, between the registrant and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee. s-3 4.1 11518
4.20 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of september 11, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 1.700% notes due 2022, 1.800% notes due 2024, 2.050% notes due 2026, 2.200% notes due 2029 and 2.950% notes due 2049. 8-k 4.1 91119
4.21 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of november 15, 2019, including forms of global notes representing the 0.000% notes due 2025 and 0.500% notes due 2031. 8-k 4.1 111519
4.22 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 11, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.750% notes due 2023, 1.125% notes due 2025, 1.650% notes due 2030 and 2.650% notes due 2050. 8-k 4.1 51120
4.23 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of august 20, 2020, including forms of global notes representing the 0.550% notes due 2025, 1.25% notes due 2030, 2.400% notes due 2050 and 2.550% notes due 2060. 8-k 4.1 82020
4.24 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of february 8, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 0.700% notes due 2026, 1.200% notes due 2028, 1.650% notes due 2031, 2.375% notes due 2041, 2.650% notes due 2051 and 2.800% notes due 2061. 8-k 4.1 2821
4.25 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of august 5, 2021, including forms of global notes representing the 1.400% notes due 2028, 1.700% notes due 2031, 2.700% notes due 2051 and 2.850% notes due 2061. 8-k 4.1 8521
4.26 indenture, dated as of october 28, 2021, between the registrant and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee. s-3 4.1 102921
4.27 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of august 8, 2022, including forms of global notes representing the 3.250% notes due 2029, 3.350% notes due 2032, 3.950% notes due 2052 and 4.100% notes due 2062. 8-k 4.1 8822


incorporated by reference
exhibit number exhibit description form exhibit filing dateperiod end date
4.28 officers certificate of the registrant, dated as of may 10, 2023, including forms of global notes representing the 4.421% notes due 2026, 4.000% notes due 2028, 4.150% notes due 2030, 4.300% notes due 2033 and 4.850% notes due 2053. 8-k 4.1 51023
4.29 apple inc. deferred compensation plan. s-8 4.1 82318
10.1 apple inc. employee stock purchase plan, as amended and restated as of march 10, 2015. 8-k 10.1 31315
10.2 form of indemnification agreement between the registrant and each director and executive officer of the registrant. 10-q 10.2 62709
10.3 apple inc. non-employee director stock plan, as amended november 9, 2021. 10-q 10.1 122521
10.4 apple inc. 2014 employee stock plan, as amended and restated as of october 1, 2017. 10-k 10.8 93017
10.5 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of september 26, 2017. 10-k 10.20 93017
10.6 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under non-employee director stock plan effective as of february 13, 2018. 10-q 10.2 33118
10.7 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of august 21, 2018. 10-k 10.17 92918
10.8 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of september 29, 2019. 10-k 10.15 92819
10.9 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of august 18, 2020. 10-k 10.16 92620
10.10 form of performance award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of august 18, 2020. 10-k 10.17 92620
10.11 form of ceo restricted stock unit award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of september 27, 2020. 10-q 10.1 122620
10.12 form of ceo performance award agreement under 2014 employee stock plan effective as of september 27, 2020. 10-q 10.2 122620
10.13 apple inc. 2022 employee stock plan. 8-k 10.1 3422
10.14 form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of march 4, 2022. 8-k 10.2 3422
10.15 form of performance award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of march 4, 2022. 8-k 10.3 3422
10.16 apple inc. executive cash incentive plan. 8-k 10.1 81922
10.17 form of ceo restricted stock unit award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 25, 2022. 10-q 10.1 123122
10.18 form of ceo performance award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 25, 2022. 10-q 10.2 123122
10.19, form of restricted stock unit award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 29, 2024.
10.20, form of performance award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 29, 2024.
10.21, form of ceo restricted stock unit award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 29, 2024.
10.22, form of ceo performance award agreement under 2022 employee stock plan effective as of september 29, 2024.
19.1 insider tradingpolicy
21.1 subsidiaries of the registrant.
23.1 consent of independent registered public accounting firm.
24.1 power of attorney (included on the signatures page of this annual report on form 10-k).
31.1 rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) certification of chief executive officer.
31.2 rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) certification of chief financial officer.
32.1 section 1350 certifications of chief executive officer and chief financial officer.
97.1, rule 10d-1 recovery policy


incorporated by reference
exhibit number exhibit description form exhibit filing dateperiod end date
101 inline xbrl document set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k.
104 inline xbrl for the cover page of this annual report on form 10-k, included in the exhibit 101 inline xbrl document set.

indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

filed herewith.

furnished herewith.
(1)
certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant are omitted pursuant to item 601(b)(4)(iii) of regulation s-k. the registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the sec, upon request, copies of any such instruments.


item 16. form 10-k summary
none.signatures
pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.



date november 1, 2024 apple inc.

by s luca maestri
luca maestri
senior vice president,chief financial officer
power of attorney
know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints timothy d. cook and luca maestri, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this annual report on form 10-k, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the securities and exchange commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated

name title date

s timothy d. cook chief executive officer and director(principal executive officer) november 1, 2024
timothy d. cook

s luca maestri senior vice president, chief financial officer(principal financial officer) november 1, 2024
luca maestri

s chris kondo senior director of corporate accounting(principal accounting officer) november 1, 2024
chris kondo

s wanda austin director november 1, 2024
wanda austin

s alex gorsky director november 1, 2024
alex gorsky

s andrea jung director november 1, 2024
andrea jung

s arthur d. levinson director and chair of the board november 1, 2024
arthur d. levinson

s monica lozano director november 1, 2024
monica lozano

s ronald d. sugar director november 1, 2024
ronald d. sugar

s susan l. wagner director november 1, 2024
susan l. wagner description of debt securities
the following description of the notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. this description is qualified in its entirety by reference, as applicable, to the indenture, dated as of april 29, 2013, between apple inc. and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee (the 2013 indenture) and the indenture, dated as of november 5, 2018, between apple inc. and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee (the 2018 indenture, and together with the 2013 indenture, the indentures). references in this section to the company, us, we and our are solely to apple inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.
the notes
each of the notes were
issued under the applicable indenture, which provides that debt securities may be issued under such indenture from time to time in one or more series. the indentures and the notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of new york.
the indentures do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue thereunder. we may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities of the series (except for the date of issuance, the date interest begins to accrue and, in certain circumstances, the first interest payment date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold provided, however, that any additional debt securities will have a separate isin number unless certain conditions are met.
the 0.000% 2025 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 0.000% 2025 notes on november 15, 2019. the maturity date of the 0.000% 2025 notes is november 15, 2025, and interest at a rate of 0.000% per annum is paid annually on november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2020, and on the maturity date. as of
october 18, 2024
,
1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 0.000% 2025 notes was outstanding.
the 0.875% 2025 notes
we issued 1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 0.875% 2025 notes on may 24, 2017. the maturity date of the 0.875% 2025 notes is may 24, 2025, and interest at a rate of 0.875% per annum is paid annually on may 24 of each year, beginning on may 24, 2018, and on the maturity date. as of
1,250,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 0.875% 2025 notes was outstanding.
the 2026 notes
we issued 1,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes on november 10, 2014. the maturity date of the 2026 notes is november 10, 2026, and interest at a rate of 1.625% per annum is paid annually on november 10 of each year, beginning on november 10, 2015, and on the maturity date. as of
1,400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes was outstanding.
the 2027 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027 notes on september 17, 2015. the maturity date of the 2027 notes is september 17, 2027, and interest at a rate of 2.000% per annum is paid annually on september 17 of each year, beginning on september 17, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
aggregate principal amount of the 2027 notes was outstanding.
the 1.375% 2029 notes
we issued 1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 1.375% 2029 notes on may 24, 2017. the maturity date of the 1.375% 2029 notes is may 24, 2029, and interest at a rate of 1.375% per annum is paid annually on may 24 of each year, beginning on may 24, 2018, and on the maturity date. as of
aggregate principal amount of the 1.375% 2029 notes was outstanding.the 3.050% 2029 notes
we issued 750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 3.050% 2029 notes on july 31, 2015. the maturity date of the 3.050% 2029 notes is july 31, 2029, and interest at a rate of 3.050% per annum is paid semi-annually on january 31 and july 31 of each year, beginning on january 31, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
october 18, 2024
,
750,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 3.050% 2029 notes was outstanding.
the 2031 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2031 notes on november 15, 2019. the maturity date of the 2031 notes is november 15, 2031, and interest at a rate of 0.500% per annum is paid annually on november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2020, and on the maturity date. as of
1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2031 notes was outstanding.
the 2042 notes
we issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2042 notes on july 31, 2015. the maturity date of the 2042 notes is july 31, 2042, and interest at a rate of 3.600% per annum is paid semi-annually on january 31 and july 31 of each year, beginning on january 31, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2042 notes was outstanding.
ranking
the notes are our senior unsecured indebtedness and rank equally with each other and with all of our other senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. however, the notes are structurally subordinated to any indebtedness and preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries and are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. claims of the creditors of our subsidiaries generally have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of our creditors, including holders of the notes. accordingly, the notes are effectively subordinated to creditors, including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any, of our subsidiaries. the indentures do not restrict our ability or that of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness.
payment on the notes
all payments of principal of, the redemption price (if any), and interest and additional amounts (if any) on the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes are payable in euro, provided that, if the euro is unavailable to the company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the companys control, or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the european monetary union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes will be made in u.s. dollars, until the euro is again available to the company or so used. the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into u.s. dollars at the rate mandated by the u.s. federal reserve board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the u.s. federal reserve board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent u.s. dollareuro exchange rate published in the wall street journal on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date. any payment in respect of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes so made in u.s. dollars will not constitute an event of default under such notes or the applicable indenture.
with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, business day means any day, other than a saturday or sunday, (1) which is not a day on which banking institutions in the city of new york or london are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and (2) on which the trans-european automated real-time gross settlement express transfer system (the target2 system), or any successor thereto, is open.
all payments of principal of, the redemption price (if any), and interest and additional amounts (if any) on the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes are payable in pounds sterling, or, if the united kingdom adopts euro as its lawful currency, in euro. if pounds sterling or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, euro is unavailable to the company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the companys control or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, the euro is no longer being used by the then member states ofthe european monetary union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes will be made in u.s. dollars until the pound sterling or euro, as the case may be, is again available to the company or so used. the amount payable on any date in pounds sterling or, in the event such notes are redenominated into euro, euro will be converted into u.s. dollars at the rate mandated by the u.s. federal reserve board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the u.s. federal reserve board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent u.s. dollarpounds sterling or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, the most recent u.s. dollareuro exchange rate published in the wall street journal on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date. any payment in respect of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes so made in u.s. dollars will not constitute an event of default under such notes or the 2013 indenture.
with respect to the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, business day means any day which is not a day on which banking institutions in the city of new york or london or the relevant place of payment are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
payment of additional amounts
the terms of the notes state that all payments of principal and interest in respect of the notes will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the united states or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the united states, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
all of the notes also contain a covenant substantially similar to the following
the company will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest on the notes such additional amounts (additional amounts) as are necessary in order that the net payment by the company or the paying agent of the company for the applicable notes (paying agent) of the principal of and interest on the notes to a holder who is not a united states person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge (tax) imposed by the united states or a taxing authority in the united states, will not be less than the amount provided in the notes to be then due and payable provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply
(1)
to any tax that is imposed by reason of the holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such holder holds the notes), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being considered as
(a)
being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the united states or having or having had a permanent establishment in the united states
(b)
having a current or former connection with the united states (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of the notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the united states
(c)
being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid u.s. federal income tax
(d)
being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the company as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code)
(e)
being a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the company within the meaning of section 864(d)(4) of the code or
(f)
being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business(2)
to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the notes, or a portion of the notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment
(3)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the united states of the holder or beneficial owner of the notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the united states or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the united states is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax (including, but not limited to, the requirement to provide internal revenue service forms w-8ben, w-8ben-e, w-8eci, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and any documentation requirement under an applicable income tax treaty)
(4)
to any tax that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the company or a paying agent from the payment
(5)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 10 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later
(6)
to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property or similar tax
(7)
to any tax required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent
(8)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of any note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later
(9)
to any tax imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the code or
(10)
in the case of any combination of items (1) through (9) above.
the notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to the notes. except as specifically provided under this heading payment of additional amounts, the company will not be required to make any payment for any tax imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. as used under payment of additional amounts and under redemption for tax reasons, the term united states means the united states of america (including the states and the district of columbia and any political subdivision thereof), and the term united states person
means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the united states for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the united states, any state of the united states or the district of columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a united states person under any applicable treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to u.s. federal income taxation regardless of its source.
redemption for tax reasons
if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, or, in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, introduction of, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the united states (or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the united states), or any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings,
which change or amendment isannounced or becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable prospectus supplement,
we become, or based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by us, will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described above under the heading payments of additional amounts with respect to a series of the notes, then we may at our option redeem, in whole, but not in part
, in the case of the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes
, the notes of such series on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice,
in the case of the 0.875% 2025 notes and the 1.375% 2029 notes, the notes of such series on not less than 15 nor more than 60 days notice, and in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, the notes of such series on not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, in each case
at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with interest accrued but unpaid on those notes to
(and, in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, but not including)
the date fixed for redemption.
optional redemption
we may redeem the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of

100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or
the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (actualactual (icma)) at the applicable comparable government bond rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points in the case of the 2026 notes, plus 15 basis points in the case of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes and plus 20 basis points in the case of the 2027 notes.
we may redeem the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, prior to the applicable par call date at a redemption price equal to the greater of
the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon assuming that the notes matured on the applicable par call date (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (actualactual (icma)) at the applicable comparable government bond rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes, plus 15 basis points in the case of the 0.875% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, and 20 basis points in the case of the 2029 notes.
par call date means (i) with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, august 15, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 0.000% 2025 notes), (ii) with respect to the 0.875% 2025 notes, february 24, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 0.875% 2025 notes), (iii) with respect to the 1.375% 2029 notes, february 24, 2029 (three months prior to the maturity date of 1.375% 2029 notes) and (iv) with respect to the 2031 notes, august 15, 2031 (three months prior to the maturity of the 2031 notes).
if any of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes or the 2031 notes are redeemed on or after the applicable par call date, the redemption price for such notes will equal 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed.
in each case upon redemption of the notes, we will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
installments of interest on notes being redeemed that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the interest payment date to the holders as of the close of business on the relevant regular record date according to the notes and the applicable indenture.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 2026 notes and the 2027 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a german government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other german government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor marketmakers in, german government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a united kingdom government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other united kingdom government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor market makers in, united kingdom government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a german government bond whose maturity is closest to the applicable par call date of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other german government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor market makers in, german government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond rate means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the notes, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the comparable government bond on the basis of the middle market price of the comparable government bond prevailing at 1100 a.m. (london time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by us.
covenants
the indentures set forth limited covenants that apply to the notes. however, these covenants do not, among other things

limit the amount of indebtedness or lease obligations that may be incurred by us and our subsidiaries
limit our ability or that of our subsidiaries to issue, assume or guarantee debt secured by liens or
restrict us from paying dividends or making distributions on our capital stock or purchasing or redeeming our capital stock.
consolidation, merger and sale of assets
the indentures provide that we may consolidate with or merge with or into any other person, and may sell, transfer, or lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets to another person provided that the following conditions are satisfied
we are the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee person (the successor) is a person (if such person is not a corporation, then the successor will include a corporate co-issuer of the debt securities) organized and existing under the laws of the united states of america, any state thereof or the district of columbia and the successor (if not us) will expressly assume, by supplemental indenture, all of our obligations under the debt securities and the applicable indenture and, for each security that by its terms provides for conversion, provide for the right to convert such security in accordance with its terms
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default under the applicable indenture has occurred and is continuing and
in the case of the 2013 indenture, the trustee receives from us an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel that the transaction and such supplemental indenture, as the case may be, complies with the applicable provisions of the 2013 indenture.if we consolidate or merge with or into any other person or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets in accordance with the indentures, the successor will be substituted for us in the indentures, with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the indentures. as a result, the successor may exercise our rights and powers under the indentures, and we will be released from all our liabilities and obligations under the indentures and under the debt securities.
for purposes of this covenant, person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
events of default
each of the following events are defined in the indentures as an event of default (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether or not it will be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) with respect to the debt securities of any series
(1) default in the payment of any installment of interest on any debt securities of such series for 30 days after becoming due
(2) default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any debt securities of such series when it becomes due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon declaration or otherwise
(3) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of ours in the applicable indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the performance of which or a breach of which is elsewhere in the applicable indenture specifically dealt with or that has expressly been included in the applicable indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than such series), which continues for a period of 90 days after written notice to us by the trustee or to us and the trustee by the holders of, in the case of the 2013 indenture, at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series
(4) we, pursuant to or within the meaning of the bankruptcy law

commence a voluntary case or proceeding
consent to the entry of an order for relief against us in an involuntary case or proceeding
consent to the appointment of a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property
make a general assignment for the benefit of our creditors
file a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief
consent to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian or
take any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency
(5) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any bankruptcy law that
is for relief against us in an involuntary case, or adjudicates us insolvent or bankrupt
appoints a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property or
orders the winding-up or liquidation of us (or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws)
and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 days (or, in the case of the 2018 indenture, 90 consecutive days) or(6) any other event of default provided with respect to debt securities of such series occurs.
bankruptcy law means title 11, united states code or any similar federal or state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. custodian means any custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any bankruptcy law.
if an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series (other than an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us) occurs and is continuing, the trustee by notice to us, or the holders of, in the case of the 2013 indenture, at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series
, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series,
by notice to us and the trustee, may, and the trustee at the request of these holders will, declare the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the debt securities of such series to be due and payable. upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable immediately. if an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us occurs and is continuing, the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on the debt securities of such series will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders.
the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind a declaration of acceleration and its consequences, if we have deposited certain sums with the trustee and all events of default with respect to the debt securities of such series, other than the non-payment of the principal or interest which have become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived, as provided in the indentures.
an event of default for a particular series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an event of default for any other series of debt securities issued under the indentures.
we are required to furnish the trustee annually within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year a statement by one of our officers to the effect that, to the best knowledge of such officer, we are not in default in the fulfillment of any of our obligations under the applicable indenture or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default and the nature and status thereof.
no holder of any debt securities of any series will have any right to institute any judicial or other proceeding with respect to the applicable indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy unless
(1) an event of default has occurred and is continuing and such holder has given the trustee prior written notice of such continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of such series
(2) in the case of the 2013 indenture, the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, the holders of not less than 33% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series have requested the trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such event of default
(3) the trustee has been offered indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against its costs, expenses and liabilities in complying with such request
(4) the trustee has failed to institute proceedings 60 days after the receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity and
(5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given for 60 days by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series.
the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of a series will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series or exercising any trust or power conferred to the trustee, and to waive certain defaults. each of the indentures provides that if an event of default occurs and is continuing, the trustee will exercise such of its rights and powers under such indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances inthe conduct of such persons own affairs. subject to such provisions, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the applicable indenture at the request of any of the holders of the debt securities of a series unless they will have offered to the trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request.
notwithstanding the foregoing, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment.
modification and waivers
modification and amendments of the indentures and the notes may be made by us and the trustee with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding series of notes affected thereby provided, however, that no such modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding note of that series affected thereby

change the stated maturity of the principal of, or installment of interest on, any note
reduce the principal amount of any note or reduce the amount of the principal of any note which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or reduce the rate of interest on any note
reduce any premium payable on the redemption of any note or change the date on which any note may or must be redeemed (in the case of the 2018 indenture, it being understood that a change to any notice requirement with respect to such date shall not be deemed to be a change of such date)
change the coin or currency in which the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any note is payable
impair the right of any holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the stated maturity of any note (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date)
reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding notes, the consent of whose holders is required in order to take certain actions
reduce the requirements for quorum or voting by holders of notes in the applicable indenture or the note
modify any of the provisions in the applicable indenture regarding the waiver of past defaults and the waiver of certain covenants by the holders of notes except to increase any percentage vote required or to provide that certain other provisions of the applicable indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each notes affected thereby
make any change that adversely affects the right to convert or exchange any debt security or decreases the conversion or exchange rate or increases the conversion price of any convertible or exchangeable debt security, unless such decrease or increase is permitted by the terms of the debt securities or
modify any of the above provisions.
we and the trustee may, without the consent of any holders, modify or amend the terms of the indentures and any series of notes with respect to the following
to add to our covenants for the benefit of holders of all or any series of the notes or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us
to evidence the succession of another person to, and the assumption by the successor of our covenants, agreements and obligations under, the applicable indenture pursuant to the covenant described above under the caption covenantsconsolidation, merger and sale of assets
to add any additional events of default for the benefit of holders of all or any series of the notes
to add one or more guarantees, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, co-obligors, for the benefit of holders of the notes
to secure the notes pursuant to the covenants of the indenture
to add or appoint a successor or separate trustee or other agent
to provide for the issuance of additional debt securities of any series
to establish the form or terms of the debt securities of any series as permitted by the indenture
to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository
to provide for uncertificated notes in addition to or in place of certificated notes
in the case of the 2013 indenture, to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the 2013 indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities provided that any such addition, change or elimination (a) shall neither (1) apply to any debt security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (2) modify the rights of the holder of any such debt security with respect to such provision or (b) shall become effective only when there is no debt security described in clause (a)(1) outstanding
in the case of the 2018 indenture, to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the 2018 indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities provided that any such addition, change or elimination shall become effective only when there is no outstanding security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and as to which such supplemental indenture would apply
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency
to change any other provision provided that the change does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of, in the case of the 2013 indenture any series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, any outstanding series, in any material respect
to supplement any of the provisions of the applicable indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of notes pursuant to the indenture provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of notes of such series or any other series of debt securities in any material respect
to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the notes may be listed or traded and
to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the applicable indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the trust indenture act of 1939, as amended, and in the case of the 2013 indenture, provided that such action does not adversely affect the rights or interests of any holder of debt securities in any material respect.
the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of any series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive compliance by us with certain restrictive provisions of the indentures. the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of a series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive any past default and its consequences under the applicable indenture with respect to the notes of that series, except a default (1) in the payment of principal or premium, if any, or interest on notes of that series or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision of the applicable indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each note of that series. upon any such waiver, such default will cease to exist, and any event of default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of the indenture however, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or event of default or impair any rights consequent thereon.discharge, defeasance and covenant defeasance
we may discharge certain obligations to holders of the notes of a series that have not already been delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that either have become due and payable or will become due and payable within one year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing with the trustee, in trust, funds in u.s. dollars in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness including, but not limited to, the principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (if due and payable) or to the maturity thereof or the redemption date of the notes of that series, as the case may be. we may direct the trustee to invest such funds in u.s. treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term u.s. treasury securities.
the indentures provide that we may elect either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all obligations with respect to the notes of a series (except for, among other things, obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the notes, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen notes, to maintain an office or agency with respect to the notes and to hold moneys for payment in trust) (legal defeasance) or (2) to be released from our obligations to comply with the restrictive covenants under the applicable indenture, and any omission to comply with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event of default with respect to the notes of a series and clauses (3) and (6) under the caption events of default above will no longer be applied (covenant defeasance). legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, will be conditioned upon, among other things, the irrevocable deposit by us with the trustee, in trust, of an amount in u.s. dollars, or u.s. government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, applicable to the notes of that series which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal or premium, if any, and interest on the notes on the scheduled due dates therefor.
if we effect covenant defeasance with respect to the notes of any series, the amount in u.s. dollars, or u.s. government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants, to pay amounts due on the notes of that series at the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the notes of that series at the time of the acceleration resulting from such event of default. however, we would remain liable to make payment of such amounts due at the time of acceleration.
with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, the term u.s. government obligations shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the german government or (ii) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the german government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the german government or the central bank of the german government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
with respect to the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, the term u.s. government obligations shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the united kingdom government or (ii) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the united kingdom government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the united kingdom government or the central bank of the united kingdom government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
we will be required to deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related defeasance will not cause the holders and beneficial owners of the notes of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. if we elect legal defeasance, that opinion of counsel must be based upon a ruling from the u.s. internal revenue service or a change in law to that effect.
we may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option.book-entry and settlement
the notes were issued in book-entry form and are represented by global notes deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary on behalf of euroclear and clearstream, and are registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee. except as described herein, certificated notes will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes.
certificated notes
subject to certain conditions, the notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor, in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, and in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, if
1.
the common depositary notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or if the common depositary ceases to be eligible under the applicable indenture and we do not appoint a successor depository within 90 days
2. we determine that the notes will no longer be represented by global securities and execute and deliver to the trustee an order to that effect or
3. an event of default with respect to the notes will have occurred and be continuing.
any note that is exchangeable as above is exchangeable for certificated notes issuable in authorized denominations and registered in such names as the common depositary shall direct. subject to the foregoing, a global note is not exchangeable, except for a global note of the same aggregate denomination to be registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee.
the trustee for the notes
the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. is the trustee under the indentures. we have commercial deposits and custodial arrangements with the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. and its affiliates (bnym). we may enter into similar or other banking relationships with bnym in the future in the normal course of business. in addition, bnym acts as trustee and as paying agent with respect to other debt securities issued by us, and may do so for future issuances of debt securities by us as well.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8.
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following each vesting event pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting event), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event, less tax-related items. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
. except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service, meaning the first date the participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the company or one of its subsidiaries (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date and the participant will have no right to the terminated rsus, any underlying shares or any cash equivalent. notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants disability at a time when rsus remain unvested under the award, (a) the award shall vest on the severance date with respect to the number of rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) determined by multiplying (i) the number of then-outstanding and unvested rsus subject to the award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to section 3 on the next vesting date following the severance date but for such termination of service, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the vesting date that immediately preceded the severance date (or, in the case of a termination of service prior to the initial vesting date,the vesting commencement date) and the severance date, and the denominator of which shall be the number of days between the vesting date that immediately preceded the severance date (or, in the case of a termination of service prior to the initial vesting date, the vesting commencement date) and the next vesting date following the severance date that would have occurred but for such termination of service and (b) any rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) that are not vested after giving effect to the foregoing clause (a) shall terminate on the severance date. further, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants death, any unvested rsus shall be fully vested as of the severance date, and any dividend equivalent rights credited to the participant shall be paid. if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer, or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdiction(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held backsolely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver doesnot materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. for purposes of clarity, the percentage of the dividend equivalent rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of rsus that vest on the vesting date, after giving effect to
exhibit a
. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8 or
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following the vesting date pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on the vesting date, less tax-related items. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
. except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service, meaning the first date the participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the company or one of its subsidiaries (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date and the participant will have no right to the terminated rsus, any underlying shares or any cash equivalent. notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants death or disability and the severance date occurs prior to the vesting date, on the vesting date the award shall vest with respect to a number of rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) determined by multiplying (i) the rsus subject to the award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to the award on such vesting date but for the termination of service and to the extent the applicable performance-based vesting requirement is satisfied, by (ii) the severance fraction(determined as set forth below). any rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) that are unvested on the severance date and that are not eligible to vest on the vesting date following the severance date pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the severance date, and any rsus that remain outstanding and unvested after giving effect to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the vesting date. the
severance fraction
means a fraction, the numerator of which shall be determined by subtracting the number of days remaining in the performance period on the severance date from the total number of days in the performance period, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of days in the performance period. if any unvested rsus are terminated pursuant to this award agreement, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date (or, to the extent that any rsus remain outstanding following the severance date by reason of this section 8, but the applicable performance-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, such rsus shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the vesting date, as provided in
exhibit a
) without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant, or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm andor third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may beissued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related
items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdictions(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority orto the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
performance award
exhibit a
performance vesting requirements
the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) subject to the award that will vest on the vesting date will be determined based on the companys relative total shareholder return (
tsr
) percentile for the performance period.
the percentage of the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) that vest on the vesting date will be determined as follows

if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the rsus will vest on the vesting date.
for tsr percentile performance for the performance period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the rsus that will vest on the vesting date will be determined on a straight-line basis (
i.e.
, linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated above.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the companys tsr for the performance period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred percent (100%) of the target rsus vest.
the number of rsus that vest on the vesting date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the rsus will not vest and will terminate on that vesting date.
for purposes of the award, the following definitions will apply

tsr percentile
means the percentile ranking of the companys tsr among the tsrs for the comparison group members for the performance period. in determining the companys tsr percentile for the performance period, in the event that the companys tsr for the performance period is equal to the tsr(s) of one or more other comparison group members for that same period, the companys tsr percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the companys tsr for that period as being greater than such other comparison group members.
comparison group
means the company and each other company included in the standard poors 500 index on the first day of the performance period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. in the event a member of the comparison group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a comparison group member, and such companys ending price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed ortraded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the performance period. in the event of a formation of a new parent company by a comparison group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original comparison group member or the assets and liabilities of such comparison group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the comparison group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original comparison group member are not. in the event of a merger or other business combination of two comparison group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one comparison group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another comparison group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the comparison group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. with respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction.


tsr
shall be determined with respect to the company and any other comparison group member by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable beginning price from the applicable ending price and (ii) all dividends and other distributions during the performance period by (b) the applicable beginning price. any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. for the purpose of determining tsr, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
beginning price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining beginning price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
ending price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining ending price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
with respect to the computation of tsr, beginning price, and ending price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split occurring during the performance period (or during the applicable twenty (20)-day period in determining beginning price or ending price, as the case may be).
in the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the committee shall be final and binding.
5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8.
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following each vesting date determined pursuant to sections 3 or 8 or following the participants death as specified in section 8(d) (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date or the date of the participants death, as applicable), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event (or, in the case of the participants retirement or disability, are scheduled to settle on such vesting event) less tax-related items, unless such rsus terminate prior to the applicable vesting date pursuant to section 8. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate and be forfeited to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date.
notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided by the committee, in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants retirement (defined below) on or after the first anniversary of the award date, any unvested rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall continue to be eligible to vest on a pro rata basis (in accordancewith the schedule set forth in the grant notice and section 8(d)), without regard to the participants termination of service, determined by multiplying (i) the number of rsus eligible to vest on the applicable vesting date, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the award date and the participants retirement date, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of days contained in the period between the award date and the applicable vesting date. for purposes of this award agreement,
retirement
means the participants termination of service on or after the participant both has reached the age of sixty (60) and has completed ten (10) years of service
with the company, or any subsidiary (including service with any entity acquired by the company) as of the severance date, as determined in the sole discretion of the committee. in the event the participants termination of service occurs prior to the first anniversary of the award date, this section 8(b) shall not apply, unless the committee shall otherwise determine in its sole discretion. for purposes of this section 8(b), a termination of service shall not include the participants termination of service resulting from the participants disability or death (in which case section 8(c) or 8(d), as applicable, will apply).
(c)
in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants disability, any unvested rsus shall continue to be eligible to vest in full (in accordance with the schedule set forth in the grant notice and section 8(d)) without regard to the participants termination of service.
(d)
i
n the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants death, all unvested rsus eligible to vest on vesting date(s) subsequent to the participants death shall accelerate and vest immediately, and upon the participants death following the participants termination of service due to disability or retirement any rsus that were eligible to vest in full, or pro rata in the case of retirement, will be settled as soon as administratively practicable after the participants death in accordance with section 7.
(e)
if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer, or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation, including short-term cash incentives, payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdiction(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only whenreceived, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. for purposes of clarity, the percentage of the dividend equivalent rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of rsus that vest on the vesting date, after giving effect to
exhibit a
. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8 or
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following the vesting date pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event (or, in the case of the participants retirement, death or disability, are scheduled to settle on such vesting event), less tax-related items, unless such rsus terminate prior to the vesting date pursuant to section 8. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate and be forfeited to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date.
notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided by the committee, in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants retirement (defined below) on or after the first anniversary of the award date, death or disability, any unvestedrsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall continue to be eligible to vest on the vesting date without regard to the participants termination of service. for purposes of this award agreement,
retirement
means the participants termination of service on or after the participant both has reached the age of sixty (60) and has completed ten (10) years of service with the company, or any subsidiary (including service with any entity acquired by the company), as of the severance date, as determined in the sole discretion of the committee. in the event the participants termination of service occurs due to retirement prior to the first anniversary of the award date, this section 8(b) shall not apply, unless the committee shall otherwise determine in its sole discretion.
(c)
if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date (or, to the extent that any rsus remain outstanding following the severance date by reason of section 8(b) but the applicable performance-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, such rsus shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the vesting date, as provided in
exhibit a
) without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant, or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm andor third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance withsuch section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related
items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation, including short-term cash incentives, payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdictions(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not bedeemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
performance award
exhibit a
performance vesting requirements
the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) subject to the award that will vest on the vesting date will be determined based on the companys relative total shareholder return (
tsr
) percentile for the performance period.
the percentage of the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) that vest on the vesting date will be determined as follows

if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the rsus will vest on the vesting date.
for tsr percentile performance for the performance period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the rsus that will vest on the vesting date will be determined on a straight-line basis (
i.e.
, linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated above.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the companys tsr for the performance period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred percent (100%) of the target rsus vest.
the number of rsus that vest on the vesting date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the rsus will not vest and will terminate on that vesting date.
for purposes of the award, the following definitions will apply

tsr percentile
means the percentile ranking of the companys tsr among the tsrs for the comparison group members for the performance period. in determining the companys tsr percentile for the performance period, in the event that the companys tsr for the performance period is equal to the tsr(s) of one or more other comparison group members for that same period, the companys tsr percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the companys tsr for that period as being greater than such other comparison group members.
comparison group
means the company and each other company included in the standard poors 500 index on the first day of the performance period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. in the event a member of the comparison group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a comparison group member, and such companys ending price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed ortraded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the performance period. in the event of a formation of a new parent company by a comparison group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original comparison group member or the assets and liabilities of such comparison group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the comparison group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original comparison group member are not. in the event of a merger or other business combination of two comparison group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one comparison group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another comparison group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the comparison group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. with respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction.


tsr
shall be determined with respect to the company and any other comparison group member by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable beginning price from the applicable ending price and (ii) all dividends and other distributions during the performance period by (b) the applicable beginning price. any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. for the purpose of determining tsr, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
beginning price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining beginning price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
ending price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining ending price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
with respect to the computation of tsr, beginning price, and ending price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split occurring during the performance period (or during the applicable twenty (20)-day period in determining beginning price or ending price, as the case may be).
in the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the committee shall be final and binding.
in addition to the above prohibitions, this policy includes important additional information.
material nonpublic information
determining whether information is material requires consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. in general, information is material if it would likely be considered important by an investor who is deciding whether to buy or sell a security, or if the information is likely to have a significant effect on the market price of the security. both positive and negative information may be material. materiality is different for different companies. information that is not material to apple may be material to another company.
nonpublic information
nonpublic information means information that has not been previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not available to the general public. information should be considered nonpublic for at least 24 hours after it has been distributed to the general public through a press release, filing with the sec, or similar means. the circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, is not considered effective public distribution.
policy violations
apple personnel who violate this policy may be subject to
disciplinary action
, including termination of employment and repayment of equity awards. additionally, individuals who engage in illegal insider trading or tipping can be liable for substantial criminal and civil penalties.
if you have any doubt whether information is public or material, or have questions about this policy, consult apples team by emailing [] or calling [].


restricted trading periods and trading windows
a restricted trading period is a specified period of time during which designated apple personnel, and their covered family members and entities, may not buy or sell apple securities. if you are subject to trading restrictions, you will be notified by apples corporate legal team.
a trading window (sometimes referred to as an open trading window) is a specified period of time during which apple personnel may buy or sell apple securities, so long as the individual is not aware of material nonpublic information. complying with restricted trading periods and trading windows may protect you and apple from regulatory investigations or insider trading allegations. however, even if you are not subject to restricted trading periods or no such period is in effect, you must not trade in apple securities if you are aware of material nonpublic information about apple.
the regularly scheduled restricted trading period and trading window for each quarter is indicated below.



fiscal quarter trading window closed and trading restrictions begin trading restrictions end and trading window opens
1st december 1 24 hours after public disclosure of first-quarter results (typically early february)
2nd march 1 24 hours after public disclosure of second-quarter results (typically early may)
3rd june 1 24 hours after public disclosure of third-quarter results (typically early august)
4th september 1 24 hours after public disclosure of year-end results (typically early november)
in addition to these regularly scheduled restricted trading periods, apple may impose a special restricted trading period or extend a restricted trading period if necessary. if you become subject to a special or extended restricted trading period, you will be notified by apples corporate legal team. if you are notified about a special or extended restricted trading period, you should not discuss it with others.
permitted transactions
the transactions listed below are not subject to this policys restrictions, including during restricted trading periods and open trading windows

vesting of restricted stock unit awards and the withholding of shares by apple to satisfy tax-withholding requirements upon vesting
purchases under apples employee stock purchase plan
cash-settled stock option exercises under apples equity plans (i.e., cash-settled exercise and hold transactions)
transactions pursuant to a previously established contract, plan or instruction to trade in apples securities (a trading plan) entered in accordance with rule 10b5-1 (rule 10b5-1) under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the act), and acknowledged by apples corporate legal team and
bona fide gifts for estate planning purposes, including gifts to a trust, family limited partnership, charitable foundation or similar entity, as long as you or members of your immediate family remain the sole beneficiaries of the transferred shares and the terms of the transfer ensure that the shares remain subject to the same
restrictions that apply to you under this policy provided, however, that in all other instances gifts of securities are subject to this policy, including the prohibition on trading during a restricted trading period and the requirement for designated individuals to seek pre-clearance
.
additional information regarding section 16 and designated individuals
apples general counsel and one or more authorized delegates serve as apples insider trading compliance officer.
members of the board of directors, executive officers and certain other individuals designated by apples insider trading compliance officer, and family members who reside with them or are financially dependent on them, and any other person or entity who such individuals direct, influence, or control (or may be reasonably perceived to direct, influence, or control), are subject to additional restrictions. these individuals and their covered family members and entities are referred to as designated individuals. you will be notified by apples corporate legal team if these restrictions apply to you.
except for those permitted transactions listed above, all designated individuals must
pre-clear all transactions
in apple securities with apples insider trading compliance officer. a request for pre-clearance must be submitted at least two business days prior to the date of a proposed transaction. if cleared, the insider trading compliance officer will issue a pre-clearance notice. pre-clearance is valid only for the period specified in the notice.
each designated individual is responsible for ensuring they do not have material nonpublic information about apple before engaging in a transaction. therefore, when a request for preclearance is made, they should carefully consider whether they are aware of any material nonpublic information about apple and should describe those circumstances fully to the insider trading compliance officer. an insider trading compliance officer may not trade in apple securities unless another insider trading compliance officer has pre-cleared the trade.
members of the board of directors, executive officers and any other individuals subject to section 16 (the section 16 reporting persons) of the act must also
comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing profit transactions
set forth in that section of the act.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans
the trading restrictions set forth in this policy do not apply to transactions under a trading plan that

has been submitted to and pre-approved by apples corporate legal team
includes a cooling off period for
o
section 16 reporting persons (in which case the cooling off period extends to the later of 90 days after adoption or modification of a trading plan or two business days after filing the form 10-k or form 10-q covering the fiscal quarter in which the trading plan was adopted, up to a maximum of 120 days) and
all other employees and other covered persons or entities, other than the company (in which case the cooling off period extends to the later of 30 calendar days after the date the plan is executed and 24 hours after the public announcement of our earnings for the quarter in which the plan is executed).



is established in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of rule 10b5-1 or apples insider trading policy
is established at a time when you are unaware of material nonpublic information
specifies the amount, price, and date of transactions (or includes a written formula, algorithm, or computer program for determining the amount, price, and date of transactions)
does not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to make purchases or sales
purchases or sales occur according to the trading plan without any deviation or alteration, and you do not enter into or alter a corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the securities covered by the trading plan and
includes a representation in the trading plan that the section 16 reporting person is (1) not aware of any material nonpublic information about apple or its securities and (2) adopting the trading plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade rule 10b-5.
apples insider trading compliance officer may impose such other conditions on the implementation and operation of the trading plan as apples insider trading compliance officer deems necessary or advisable. individuals may not adopt more than one trading plan at a time except under the limited circumstances permitted by rule 10b5-1 and subject to preapproval by apples insider trading compliance officer.
an individual may only modify a trading plan during an open trading window at a time when they are not aware of material nonpublic information. modifications to and terminations of a trading plan are subject to preapproval by apples corporate legal team and modifications of a trading plan that change the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities underlying a trading plan will trigger a new cooling-off period.
compliance of a trading plan with the terms of rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the trading plan are the sole responsibility of the person initiating the trading plan.
questions
insider trading laws often depend on specific facts and circumstances. this document provides only general guidance. please contact []
or call [] if you have any questions regarding this policy, trading plans, or your specific situation. if you are aware of a possible violation of this policy, you should contact your manager and apples corporate legal team.


if the committee determines a covered executive received erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation, the committee shall determine the timing and method of recovery in its sole direction and direct apple to recover any erroneously awarded amounts as soon as administratively practicable. the methods of recovery include but are not limited to, requiring reimbursement from the covered executive, electing to withhold or suspend unpaid incentive-based compensation, by offset (subject to the requirements of section 409a of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code) if applicable), forcing the sale of shares issued pursuant to incentive-based compensation, rescinding, cancelling, or otherwise causing the forfeiture of any unvested or unpaid incentive-based compensation, deducting from amounts otherwise payable to the covered executive including base salary, commissions, time-based equity awards or other compensation, or by requiring incremental payments from the covered executive using one or more of the above methods or any other methods authorized by applicable law.
apple shall not indemnify any covered executive for the loss of any incentive-based compensation or the cost of any third-party insurance to cover the same.
e.
rights and remedies waiver amendment extension
this policy shall supplement and not limit any other rights or remedies apple may have under applicable law, any other apple policy, including the apple inc. executive team compensation recoupment policy, any applicable plan, agreement, other arrangement, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, termination of employment, initiation of other disciplinary procedures, andor the institution of civil or criminal proceedings, provided however, if incentive-based compensation is recovered under this policy it would not be subject to double recovery under any other apple policy, plan, agreement or arrangement unless specifically required under applicable law.
this policy may from time to time be waived, amended, or extended to other employees of apple, as determined by the committee, or as otherwise required under rule 10d-1.
this annual report on form 10-k (form 10-k) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. many of the forward-looking statements are located in part i, item 1 of this form 10-k under the heading business and part ii, item 7 of this form 10-k under the heading managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. for example, statements in this form 10-k regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions on the companys business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as future, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, will, would, could, can, may, and similar terms. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the companys actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading risk factors. the company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the companys fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the companys fiscal years ended in september and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. each of the terms the company and apple as used herein refers collectively to apple inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
part i


item 1. business
company background
the company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september.
products
iphone

is the companys line of smartphones based on its ios operating system. the iphone line includes iphone 16 pro, iphone 16, iphone 15, iphone 14 and iphone se
.
mac
is the companys line of personal computers based on its macos
operating system. the mac line includes laptops macbook air
and macbook pro
, as well as desktops imac
, mac mini
, mac studio
and mac pro
ipad
is the companys line of multipurpose tablets based on its ipados
operating system. the ipad line includes ipad pro
, ipad air
, ipad and ipad mini
wearables, home and accessories
wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. the companys line of smartwatches, based on its watchos
operating system, includes apple watch ultra
2, apple watch
series 10 and apple watch se
. the companys line of wireless headphones includes airpods
, airpods pro
, airpods max
and beats
products. apple vision pro is the companys first spatial computer based on its visionos operating system.
home includes apple tv
, the companys media streaming and gaming device based on its tvos
operating system, and homepod
and homepod mini
, high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.
accessories includes apple-branded and third-party accessories.services
advertising
the companys advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the companys own advertising platforms.
applecare
the company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the applecare

brand. the offerings provide priority access to apple technical support, access to the global apple authorized service network for repair and replacement services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage or theft and loss, depending on the country and type of product.
cloud services
the companys cloud services store and keep customers content up-to-date and available across multiple apple devices and windows personal computers.
digital content
the company operates various platforms, including the app store
,
that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.
the company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including apple arcade
, a game subscription service apple fitness
sm
, a personalized fitness service apple music
, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations apple news
, a subscription news and magazine service and apple tv
, which offers exclusive original content and live sports.
payment services
the company offers payment services, including apple card
, a co-branded credit card, and apple pay
, a cashless payment service.
segments
the company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. the companys reportable segments consist of the americas, europe, greater china, japan and rest of asia pacific. americas includes both north and south america. europe includes european countries, as well as india, the middle east and africa. greater china includes china mainland, hong kong and taiwan. rest of asia pacific includes australia and those asian countries not included in the companys other reportable segments. although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the companys customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
markets and distribution
the companys customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. the company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. the company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. during 2024, the companys net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 38% and 62%, respectively, of total net sales.
competition
the markets for the companys products and services are highly competitive, and are characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. many of the companys competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the companys products and infringing on its intellectual property.the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. principal competitive factors important to the company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, and corporate reputation.
the company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services. the company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. in addition, some of the companys competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. the companys services compete with business models that provide content to users for free and use illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications. the company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the companys product features and applications within their products, or collaborate to offer integrated solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer.
supply of components
although most components essential to the companys business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. the company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. therefore, many components used by the company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
the company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the company often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements.
the company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components however, there can be no guarantee that the company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all.
research and development
because the industries in which the company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development (rd), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.
intellectual property
the company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, accessories, software and services. this includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the u.s. and various foreign countries. although the company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
the company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its research, development, design and marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. over time, the company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world. no single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the companys products and services. the company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.
in addition to company-owned intellectual property, many of the companys products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties. it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the companys products, processes and services. while the company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all.business seasonality and product introductions
the company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. the timing of product introductions can also impact the companys net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.
human capital
the company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. the company works to create an inclusive, safe and supportive environment for all of its team members, so that its people can do the best work of their lives. as of september 28, 2024, the company had approximately 164,000 full-time equivalent employees.
compensation and benefits
the company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and should enable employees to share in the companys success. the company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. in support of this, the company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and time away.
growth and development
the company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. the company offers programs through apple university on leadership, management and influence, as well as apple culture and values. team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical and personal development, as well as learning opportunities to support their well-being.
workplace practices and policies
the company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and diversity and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination.
inclusion and diversity
the company is committed to its vision to build and sustain a more inclusive workforce that is representative of the communities it serves. the company continues to work to increase diverse representation at every level, foster an inclusive culture, and support equitable pay and access to opportunity for all employees.
engagement
the company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusivity.
health and safety
the company is committed to protecting its team members everywhere it operates. the company identifies potential workplace risks in order to develop measures to mitigate possible hazards. the company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments. additionally, the company works to protect the safety and security of its team members, visitors and customers through its global security team.available information
the companys annual reports on form 10-k, quarterly reports on form 10-q, current reports on form 8-k, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the exchange act), are filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the sec). such reports and other information filed by the company with the sec are available free of charge at investor.apple.cominvestor-relationssec-filingsdefault.aspx when such reports are available on the secs website. the company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. this includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and governance matters, and details related to the companys annual meeting of shareholders. the information contained on the websites referenced in this form 10-k is not incorporated by reference into this filing. further, the companys references to website urls are intended to be inactive textual references only.


item 1a. risk factors
the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. when any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected.
because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the companys results of operations and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. this discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements.
this section should be read in conjunction with part ii, item 7, managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data of this form 10-k.
macroeconomic and industry risks
the companys operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company has international operations with sales outside the u.s. representing a majority of the companys total net sales. in addition, the companys global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the companys supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the u.s. as a result, the companys operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.
adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the companys products and services. in addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors.
in addition to an adverse impact on demand for the companys products and services, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can have a significant impact on the companys suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. potential outcomes include financial instability inability to obtain credit to finance business operations and insolvency.
adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the companys trade receivables the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions limitations on the companys ability to issue new debt reduced liquidity and declines in the fair values of the companys financial instruments. these and other impacts can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.the companys business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.
political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.
the company has a large, global business with sales outside the u.s. representing a majority of the companys total net sales, and the company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. substantially all of the companys manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam. restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the companys business and supply chain. the impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the company derives a significant portion of its revenues andor has significant supply chain operations. restrictive measures can increase the cost of the companys products and the components and raw materials that go into them, and can require the company to take various actions, including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships and operations, and ceasing to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers. changing the companys business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the companys operations. such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. for example, tensions between governments, including the u.s. and china, have in the past led to tariffs and other restrictions affecting the companys business. if disputes and conflicts further escalate in the future, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive and could materially adversely affect the companys business.
many of the companys operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the companys suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. in addition, the companys and its suppliers operations and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the companys control. for example, global supply chains can be highly concentrated and geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions.
such events can make it difficult or impossible for the company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the companys supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the companys service offerings, increase the companys costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.
the companys operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. while the companys suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the companys business, and harm to the companys reputation. major public health issues, including pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions and disruptions in the companys operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.
following any interruption to its business, the company can require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. because the company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the company. while the company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.global markets for the companys products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
the companys products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.
the companys ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. the company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. as a result, the company must make significant investments in rd. there can be no assurance these investments will achieve expected returns, and the company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.
the company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. in contrast, many of the companys competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the companys products and infringing on its intellectual property. effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the company operates. if the company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the companys intellectual property, the companys ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.
the company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. the company faces substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. in addition, some of the companys competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. some of the markets in which the company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.
additionally, the company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the companys product features and applications within their products or collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. the company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the companys approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions.
the companys services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and experience and have established service offerings with large customer bases. the company competes with business models that provide content to users for free. the company also competes with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications.
the companys business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the companys ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. there can be no assurance the company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively.
business risks
to remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services.
due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the company competes, the company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. the success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the companys ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software or other third-party support for the companys products and services, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may have quality or other defects or deficiencies. new products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins, which can materially adversely impact the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. there can be no assurance the company will successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services.the company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the u.s.
substantially all of the companys manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam, and a significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. the company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. while these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the companys direct control over production and distribution. such diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the companys flexibility to respond to changing conditions. although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. while the company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company relies on single-source outsourcing partners in the u.s., asia and europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the companys hardware products. any failure of these partners to perform can have a negative impact on the companys cost or supply of components or finished goods. in addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final destinations can be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, commercial disputes, economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, or conflict.
the company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. while these arrangements help ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if these outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be disrupted or terminated, and the recoverability of manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be negatively impacted.
changes or additions to the companys supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.
future operating results depend upon the companys ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.
because the company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the global semiconductor industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the companys ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. such disruptions could occur in the future. while the company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance the company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. in addition, component suppliers may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the companys ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
therefore, the company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, can be affected for any number of reasons, including if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements. when the companys supply of components for a new or existing product has been delayed or constrained, or when an outsourcing partner has delayed shipments of completed products to the company, the companys business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and future delays or constraints could materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. the companys business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.the companys products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the companys business and result in harm to the companys reputation.
the company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. defects can also exist in components and products the company purchases from third parties. component defects could make the companys products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. these risks may increase as the companys products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. in addition, the companys service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. as a result, from time to time the companys services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. the introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. there can be no assurance the company will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers. failure to do so can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the companys products and services. errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a users device. in addition, the company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the companys products and services, and result in harm to the companys reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.
the company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
the company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. the company also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components. the company reviews long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be recoverable. if the company determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. although the company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance the company will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the company competes.
the company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. manufacturing purchase obligations cover the companys forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. because the companys markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.
the company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the company on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
the companys products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties, which requires licenses from those third parties. in addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, the companys products and services can unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. from time to time, the company has been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. based on experience and industry practice, the company believes licenses to such third-party intellectual property can generally be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. however, there can be no assurance the necessary licenses can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms or at all. failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the company to modify certain products, services or features or preclude the company from selling certain products or services, or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.the companys future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
the company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. there can be no assurance third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain software applications and services for the companys products. if third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the companys products, customers may choose not to buy the companys products.
the company believes the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends in part on the developers perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software and services for the companys products compared to competitors platforms, such as android for smartphones and tablets, windows for personal computers and tablets, and playstation, nintendo and xbox for gaming platforms. this analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.
the companys minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the companys products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors products with larger market share. when developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the companys devices can suffer.
the company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. the companys products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the companys products.
the company distributes third-party applications for its products through the app store. for the vast majority of applications, developers keep all of the revenue they generate on the app store. where applicable, the company retains a commission from sales of applications and sales of digital services or goods initiated within an application. from time to time, the company has made changes to its products and services, including taking actions in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements, and expects to make further business changes in the future. for example, in the u.s., the company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms. the company has also implemented changes to ios, ipados, the app store and safari

in the european union (eu) as it seeks to comply with the digital markets act (the dma), including new business terms and alternative fee structures for ios and ipados apps, alternative methods of distribution for ios and ipados apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the companys operating systems, and additional tools and application programming interfaces (apis) for developers. changes to the companys products and services could materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition, including if such business changes result in reduced app store or other sales, reductions in the rate of the commission that the company retains on such sales, or if the rate of the commission is otherwise narrowed in scope or eliminated.
failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the companys customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. this includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the companys own services. the licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the company to license or otherwise distribute their content. other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the companys access to, or increase the cost of, such content. the company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules.
the company also produces its own digital content, which can be costly to produce due to intense and increasing competition for talent, content and subscribers, and may fail to appeal to the companys customers.
some third-party digital content providers require the company to provide digital rights management and other security solutions. if requirements change, the company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. there can be no assurance the company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner.the companys success depends largely on the talents and efforts of its team members, the continued service and availability of highly skilled employees, including key personnel, and the companys ability to nurture its distinctive and inclusive culture.
much of the companys future success depends on the talents and efforts of its team members and the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its chief executive officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in silicon valley, where most of the companys key personnel are located. in addition to intense competition for talent, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving. if the company does not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could materially adversely affect the companys culture, reputation and operational flexibility.
the company believes that its distinctive and inclusive culture is a significant driver of its success. if the company is unable to nurture its culture, it could materially adversely affect the companys ability to recruit and retain the highly skilled employees who are critical to its success, and could otherwise materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company depends on the performance of carriers, wholesalers, retailers and other resellers.
the company distributes its products and certain of its services through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers, many of which distribute products and services from competitors. the company also sells its products and services and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force.
some carriers providing cellular network service for the companys products offer financing, installment payment plans or subsidies for users purchases of the device. there can be no assurance such offers will be continued at all or in the same amounts.
the company has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers stores with company employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. these programs can require a substantial investment while not assuring return or incremental sales. the financial condition of these resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the companys products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of the companys products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the companys products.
the companys business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions.
the company and its global supply chain are dependent on complex information technology systems and are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. system upgrades, redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and the companys or its vendors business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the companys business by, among other things, preventing access to the companys online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the companys products. these events could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could subject the company to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
the companys business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information with respect to the companys customers and employees. the company devotes significant resources to systems and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. but these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. the company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. although the company takes steps to secure confidential information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on the companys behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to, or releases of, confidential information occur. such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.the company experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. these attacks seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information or disrupt normal business operations, and can, among other things, impair the companys ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, impact the companys stock price, materially damage commercial relationships, and expose the company to litigation or government investigations, which can result in penalties, fines or judgments against the company. globally, attacks are expected to continue accelerating in both frequency and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the companys ability to identify, investigate and recover from incidents. in addition, attacks against the company and its customers can escalate during periods of geopolitical tensions or conflict.
although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many companies across various industries, the company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the value of the confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes.
the company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data, and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. as with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all eventualities and are vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. for example, third parties can fraudulently induce the companys or its suppliers and other third parties employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for unauthorized access to the companys or such suppliers or third parties systems and services. to help protect customers and the company, the company deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the companys products and services.
while the company maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the companys ongoing business, present risks not originally contemplated and materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and significant write-offs. investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent the company from completing a transaction or otherwise limit the companys ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. these new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. the failure of any significant investment could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
the companys retail stores are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
the companys retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the companys business, results of operations and financial condition, including macroeconomic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail activity. other factors include the companys ability to manage costs associated with retail store construction and operation manage relationships with existing retail partners manage costs associated with fluctuations in the value of retail inventory and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.legal and regulatory compliance risks
the companys business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings or government investigations.
the company is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and have not yet been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. in addition, agreements entered into by the company sometimes include indemnification provisions which can subject the company to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. the number of claims, legal proceedings and government investigations involving the company, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, has generally increased over time and may continue to increase.
the company has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the future, including as a result of new legal or regulatory frameworks. for example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequently assert their patents and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. the company is vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in several u.s. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. the plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek broad injunctive relief and substantial damages.
regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the companys operations. in recognition of these considerations, the company may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation and resolve such challenges. there can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. these agreements can also significantly increase the companys cost of sales and operating expenses and require the company to change its business practices and limit the companys ability to offer certain products and services.
the outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. if one or more legal matters were resolved against the company or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts above managements expectations, the companys results of operations and financial condition for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. further, such an outcome can result in significant monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the company, and has from time to time required, and can in the future require, the company to change its business practices and limit the companys ability to develop, manufacture, use, import or offer for sale certain products and services, all of which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
while the company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.
the company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the company to potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the companys business.
the companys global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust privacy, data security and data localization consumer protection advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce financial services and technology product liability intellectual property ownership and infringement digital platforms machine learning and artificial intelligence internet, telecommunications and mobile communications media, television, film and digital content availability of third-party software applications and services labor and employment anticorruption import, export and trade foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions antimoney laundering foreign ownership and investment tax and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, product design and climate change.
compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. new and changing laws and regulations can adversely affect the companys business by increasing the companys costs, limiting the companys ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, imposing changes to the design of the companys products and services, impacting customer demand for the companys products and services, and requiring changes to the companys business or supply chain. new and changing laws and regulations can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. these risks and costs may increase as the companys products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services, or as the company expands the use of technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence features, and must navigate new legal, regulatory and ethical considerations relating to such technologies. the company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance the companys employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the companys policies and procedures. if the company is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.regulatory changes and other actions that materially adversely affect the companys business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the company may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. for example, the company is subject to changing regulations relating to the export and import of its products. although the company has programs, policies and procedures in place that are designed to satisfy regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that such policies and procedures will be effective in preventing a violation or a claim of a violation. as a result, the companys products could be banned, delayed or prohibited from importation, which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations and related reporting obligations expose the company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the companys business.
many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity and inclusion. in addition, the company makes statements about its goals and initiatives through its various non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press statements and other communications. responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of the companys announced goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the companys control. the company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. in addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the companys goals and initiatives. any failure, or perceived failure, by the company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state and international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the company and materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.
the technology industry, including, in some instances, the company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties.
from time to time, the company has made changes to its app store, including actions taken in response to litigation, competition, market conditions and legal and regulatory requirements. the company expects to make further business changes in the future. for example, in the u.s. the company has implemented changes to how developers communicate with consumers within apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store regarding alternative purchasing mechanisms.
the company has also implemented changes to ios, ipados, the app store and safari
in the eu as it seeks to comply with the dma, including new business terms and alternative fee structures for ios and ipados apps, alternative methods of distribution for ios and ipados apps, alternative payment processing for apps across the companys operating systems, and additional tools and apis for developers. the company has also continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the european commission (the commission). although the companys compliance plan is intended to address the dmas obligations, it has been challenged by the commission and may be challenged further by private litigants. the dma provides for significant fines and penalties for noncompliance, and other jurisdictions may seek to require the company to make changes to its business. while the changes introduced by the company in the eu are intended to reduce new privacy and security risks that the dma poses to eu users, many risks will remain.
the company is also currently subject to antitrust investigations and litigation in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in legal proceedings and claims against the company that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially adverse impact on the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company is subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the u.s. alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for performance smartphones and smartphones generally in violation of u.s. antitrust laws. in addition, the company is the subject of investigations in europe and other jurisdictions relating to app store terms and conditions. if such investigations or litigation are resolved against the company, the company can be exposed to significant fines and may be required to make further changes to its business practices, all of which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
further, the company has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become subject to investigations and litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could materially adversely affect the companys commercial relationships with those business partners and materially adversely affect the companys business, results of operations and financial condition. for example, the company earns revenue from licensing arrangements with google llc and other companies to offer their search services on the companys platforms and applications, and certain of these arrangements are currently subject to government investigations and legal proceedings.there can be no assurance the companys business will not be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by the outcomes of such investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. changes to the companys business practices to comply with new laws and regulations or in connection with other legal proceedings can negatively impact the reputation of the companys products for privacy and security and otherwise adversely affect the experience for users of the companys products and services, and result in harm to the companys reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, and lost sales.
the companys business is subject to a variety of u.s. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection.
the company is subject to an increasing number of federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of various types of personal information. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal information among the company and its international subsidiaries. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the company to change its business practices. noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
the company makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policy, information provided on its website, press statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. any failure by the company to comply with these public statements or with federal, state or international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in inquiries or proceedings against the company by governmental entities or others. in addition to reputational impacts, penalties could include ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability.
in addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information, the company is also subject to specific obligations relating to information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health data, financial data and biometric data. health data and financial data are subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification requirements, and the company is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the companys compliance with these obligations. if the company fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data or financial data is handled in a manner not permitted by law or under the companys agreements with healthcare or financial institutions, the company can be subject to litigation or government investigations, and can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can also incur significant fees or fines.
payment card data is also subject to additional requirements. under payment card rules and obligations, if cardholder information is potentially compromised, the company can be liable for associated investigatory expenses and can also incur significant fees or fines if the company fails to follow payment card industry data security standards. the company could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to process payment cards if it fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which could materially adversely affect the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
financial risks
the company expects its quarterly net sales and results of operations to fluctuate.
the companys profit margins vary across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels. for example, the gross margins on the companys products and services vary significantly and can change over time. the companys gross margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including continued industry-wide global product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the company may take in response to such pressures increased competition the companys ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services compressed product life cycles supply shortages potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and delivering content for the companys services the companys ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively shifts in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory changes require the company to modify its product and service offerings fluctuations in foreign exchange rates inflation and other macroeconomic pressures and the introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with lower profit margins. these and other factors could have a materially adverse impact on the companys results of operations and financial condition.
the company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. further, the company generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could significantly impact quarterly net sales. the company could also be subject to unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated demand for the companys products or services, issues with new product or service introductions, information technology system failures or network disruptions, or failure of one of the companys logistics, supply or manufacturing partners.the companys financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to local currencies.
the companys primary exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates relates to nonu.s. dollardenominated sales, cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. gross margins on the companys products in foreign countries and on products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers have in the past been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
the weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects the u.s. dollar value of the companys foreign currencydenominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the company to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for the companys products. in some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the company may decide not to raise international pricing to offset the u.s. dollars strengthening, which would adversely affect the u.s. dollar value of the gross margins the company earns on foreign currencydenominated sales.
conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, while generally beneficial to the companys foreign currencydenominated sales and earnings, could cause the company to reduce international pricing or incur losses on its foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may increase the companys cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins.
the company uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. the use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.
the company is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio.
the companys investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of the companys cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. although the company has not realized significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the companys results of operations and financial condition.
the company is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
the company distributes its products and certain of its services through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. the company also sells its products and services directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. a substantial majority of the companys outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant portion of the companys trade receivables can be concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. the companys exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. the company also has unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendors that manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the company. in addition, the company has made prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. as of september 28, 2024, the companys vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were concentrated among a few individual vendors located primarily in asia. while the company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
the company is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation and exposure to additional tax liabilities.
the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, including ireland and singapore, where a number of the companys subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. for example, the organisation for economic co-operation and development continues to advance proposals for modernizing international tax rules, including the introduction of global minimum tax standards. the companys effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. the application of tax laws may be uncertain, require significant judgment and be subject to differing interpretations.the company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. the company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if the companys effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of the companys taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the companys business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
general risks
the price of the companys stock is subject to volatility.
the companys stock has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. additionally, the company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have, from time to time, experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies operating performance. price volatility may cause the average price at which the company repurchases its stock in a given period to exceed the stocks price at a given point in time. the company believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations of future growth and profitability. the company also believes the price of its stock should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow, and that its current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. future dividends are subject to declaration by the companys board of directors (the board), and the companys share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. if the company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations, the price of the companys stock may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.


item 1b. unresolved staff comments
none.


item 1c. cybersecurity
the companys management, led by its head of corporate information security, has overall responsibility for identifying, assessing and managing any material risks from cybersecurity threats. the companys head of corporate information security leads a dedicated information security team of highly skilled individuals with experience across industries that, among other things, develops and distributes information security policies, standards and procedures engages in employee cybersecurity training implements security controls assesses security risk and compliance posture monitors and responds to security events and executes security testing and assessments. the companys head of corporate information security has extensive knowledge and skills gained from over 25 years of experience in the cybersecurity industry, including serving in leadership positions at other large technology companies and leading the companys information security team since 2016.
the companys information security team coordinates with teams across the company to prevent, respond to and manage security incidents, and engages third parties, as appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of its security processes and incident response. a dedicated supplier trust team manages information security risks the company is exposed to through its supplier relationships. the company has processes to log, track, address, and escalate for further assessment and report, as appropriate, cybersecurity incidents across the company and its suppliers to senior management and the audit and finance committee (the audit committee) of the board. the companys enterprise risk management program is designed to identify, asse
ss, and monitor the companys business risks, including financial, operational, compliance and reputational risks, and reflects managements assessment of cybersecurity risks.
the audit committee assists the board in the oversight and monitoring of cybersecurity matters. the audit committee regularly reviews and discusses the companys cybersecurity risks with management, including the companys head of corporate information security, its general counsel and the heads of compliance and business conduct, business assurance, and internal audit, and receives updates, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents. the chair of the audit committee regularly reports the substance of such reviews and discussions to the board, as necessary, and recommends to the board such actions as the audit committee deems appropriate.
for a discussion of the companys cybersecurity-related risks, see item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading risk factors.item 2. properties
the companys headquarters is located in cupertino, california. as of september 28, 2024, the company owned or leased facilities and land for corporate functions, rd, data centers, retail and other purposes at locations throughout the u.s. and in various places outside the u.s. the company believes its existing facilities and equipment, which are used by all reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business.


item 3. legal proceedings
digital markets act investigations
on march 25, 2024, the commission announced that it had opened two formal noncompliance investigations against the company under the dma. the commissions investigations concern (1) article 5(4) of the dma, which relates to how developers may communicate and promote offers to end users for apps distributed through the app store as well as how developers may conclude contracts with those end users and (2) article 6(3) of the dma, which relates to default settings, uninstallation of apps, and a web browser choice screen on ios. on june 24, 2024, the commission announced its preliminary findings in the article 5(4) investigation alleging that the companys app store rules are in breach of the dma and announced that it had opened a third formal investigation against the company regarding whether the companys new contractual requirements for third-party app developers and app marketplaces may violate the dma. if the commission makes a final determination that there has been a violation, it can issue a cease and desist order and may impose fines up to 10% of the companys annual worldwide net sales. although any decision by the commission can be appealed to the general court of the eu, the effectiveness of the commissions order would apply immediately while the appeal is pending, unless a stay of the order is granted. the company believes that it complies with the dma and has continued to make changes to its compliance plan in response to feedback and engagement with the commission.
department of justice lawsuit
on march 21, 2024, the u.s. department of justice (the doj) and a number of state and district attorneys general filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the district of new jersey against the company alleging monopolization or attempted monopolization in the markets for performance smartphones and smartphones in violation of u.s. antitrust laws. the doj is seeking equitable relief to redress the alleged anticompetitive behavior. in addition,
various civil litigation matters have been filed in state and federal courts in the u.s.
alleging similar violations of u.s. antitrust laws and seeking monetary damages and other nonmonetary relief. the company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
epic games
epic games, inc. (epic) filed a lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california (the california district court) against the company alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws and californias unfair competition law based upon the companys operation of its app store. the california district court found that certain provisions of the companys app store review guidelines violate californias unfair competition law and issued an injunction enjoining the company from prohibiting developers from including in their apps external links that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than apple in-app purchasing. the injunction applies to apps on the u.s. storefront of the ios and ipados app store. on january 16, 2024, the company implemented a plan to comply with the injunction and filed a statement of compliance with the california district court. a motion by epic disputing the companys compliance plan and seeking to enforce the injunction, which the company has opposed, is pending before the california district court. on september 30, 2024, the company filed a motion with the california district court to narrow or vacate the injunction. the company believes it has substantial defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself.
other legal proceedings
the company is subject to other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. the company settled certain matters during the fourth quarter of 2024 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the companys financial condition or operating results. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. if one or more legal matters were resolved against the company in a reporting period for amounts above managements expectations, the companys financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.


item 4. mine safety disclosures
not applicable.part ii


item 5. market for registrants common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
the companys common stock is traded on the nasdaq stock market llc under the symbol aapl.
holders
as of october 18, 2024, there were 23,301 shareholders of record.
purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers
share repurchase activity during the three months ended september 28, 2024 was as follows (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage21table0.json]
(1)
as of september 28, 2024, the company was authorized by the board to purchase up to $110 billion of the companys common stock under a share repurchase program announced on may 2, 2024, of which $20.9 billion had been utilized. during the fourth quarter of 2024, the company also utilized the final $4.1 billion under its previous repurchase program, which was authorized in may 2023. the programs do not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act.company stock performance
the following graph shows a comparison of five-year cumulative total shareholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, for the company, the sp 500 index and the dow jones u.s. technology supersector index. the graph assumes $100 was invested in each of the companys common stock, the sp 500 index and the dow jones u.s. technology supersector index as of the market close on september 27, 2019. past stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage22table0.json]


item 6. [reserved]item 7. managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. this item generally discusses 2024 and 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023. discussions of 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 are not included, and can be found in managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in part ii, item 7 of the companys annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2023.
product, service and software announcements
the company announces new product, service and software offerings at various times during the year. significant announcements during fiscal year 2024 included the following
first quarter 2024

macbook pro 14-in.
macbook pro 16-in. and
imac.
second quarter 2024
macbook air 13-in. and
macbook air 15-in.
third quarter 2024
ipad air
ipad pro
ios 18, macos sequoia, ipados 18, watchos 11, visionos 2 and tvos 18, updates to the companys operating systems and
apple intelligence, a personal intelligence system that uses generative models.
fourth quarter 2024
iphone 16, iphone 16 plus, iphone 16 pro and iphone 16 pro max
apple watch series 10 and
airpods 4.
fiscal period
the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the companys fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. the companys fiscal years 2024 and 2022 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks.
macroeconomic conditions
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the companys results of operations and financial condition.segment operating performance
the following table shows net sales by reportable segment for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage24table0.json]
americas
americas net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services.
europe
europe net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services and iphone.
greater china
greater china net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of iphone and ipad. the weakness in the renminbi relative to the u.s. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on greater china net sales during 2024.
japan
japan net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of iphone. the weakness in the yen relative to the u.s. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on japan net sales during 2024.
rest of asia pacific
rest of asia pacific net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of services. the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had a net unfavorable year-over-year impact on rest of asia pacific net sales during 2024.products and services performance
the following table shows net sales by category for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage25table0.json]
(1)
services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
iphone
iphone net sales were relatively flat during 2024 compared to 2023.
mac
mac net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales of laptops.
ipad
ipad net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of ipad pro and the entry-level ipad models, partially offset by higher net sales of ipad air.
wearables, home and accessories
wearables, home and accessories net sales decreased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to lower net sales of wearables and accessories.
services
services net sales increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher net sales from advertising, the app store

and cloud services.gross margin
products and services gross margin and gross margin percentage for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage26table0.json]
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage26table1.json]
products gross margin
products gross margin and products gross margin percentage increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due to cost savings, partially offset by a different products mix and the weakness in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar.
services gross margin
services gross margin increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to higher services net sales.
services gross margin percentage increased during 2024 compared to 2023 due to a different services mix.
the companys future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the heading risk factors. as a result, the company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure.
operating expenses
operating expenses for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage26table2.json]
research and development
the growth in rd expense during 2024 compared to 2023 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses.
selling, general and administrative
selling, general and administrative expense increased $1.2 billion during 2024 compared to 2023.provision for income taxes
provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage27table0.json]
the companys effective tax rate for 2024 was higher than the statutory federal income tax rate due primarily to a one-time income tax charge of $10.2 billion, net, related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) and state income taxes, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, the impact of the u.s. federal rd credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation.
the companys effective tax rate for 2024 was higher compared to 2023 due primarily to a one-time income tax charge of $10.2 billion, net, related to the state aid decision, a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings and lower tax benefits from share-based compensation.
liquidity and capital resources
the company believes its balances of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which totaled $140.8 billion as of september 28, 2024, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.
the companys material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations
debt
as of september 28, 2024, the company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $97.3 billion (collectively the notes), with $10.9 billion payable within 12 months. future interest payments associated with the notes total $38.5 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.
the company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. as of september 28, 2024, the company had $10.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, all of which was payable within 12 months.
leases
the company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. as of september 28, 2024, the company had fixed lease payment obligations of $15.6 billion, with $2.0 billion payable within 12 months.
manufacturing purchase obligations
the company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the companys products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. the company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. as of september 28, 2024, the company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $53.0 billion, with $52.9 billion payable within 12 months.
other purchase obligations
the companys other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including assets related to product manufacturing, and noncancelable obligations related to supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. as of september 28, 2024, the company had other purchase obligations of $12.0 billion, with $4.1 billion payable within 12 months.
deemed repatriation tax payable
as of september 28, 2024, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the tcja) was $16.5 billion, with $7.2 billion expected to be paid within 12 months.state aid decision tax payable
as of september 28, 2024, the company had an obligation to pay 14.2 billion or $15.8 billion to ireland in connection with the state aid decision, all of which was expected to be paid within 12 months. the funds necessary to settle the obligation were held in escrow as of september 28, 2024, and restricted from general use.
capital return program
in addition to its contractual cash requirements, the company has an authorized share repurchase program. the program does not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. as of september 28, 2024, the companys quarterly cash dividend was $0.25 per share. the company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the board.
in may 2024, the company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $110 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.25 per share beginning in may 2024. during 2024, the company repurchased $95.0 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.2 billion.
recent accounting pronouncements
income taxes
in december 2023, the financial accounting standards board (the fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2023-09,
income taxes (topic 740) improvements to income tax disclosures
(asu 2023-09), which will require the company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. asu 2023-09 will also require the company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. the company will adopt asu 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method.
segment reporting
in november 2023, the fasb issued asu no. 2023-07,
segment reporting (topic 280) improvements to reportable segment disclosures
(asu 2023-07), which will require the company to disclose segment expenses that are significant and regularly provided to the companys chief operating decision maker (codm). in addition, asu 2023-07 will require the company to disclose the title and position of its codm and how the codm uses segment profit or loss information in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. the company will adopt asu 2023-07 in its fourth quarter of 2025 using a retrospective transition method.
critical accounting estimates
the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and the companys discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the companys management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. note 1, summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the companys consolidated financial statements. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.
uncertain tax positions
the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. the evaluation of the companys uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of gaap and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the tcja and the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. although management believes the companys reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that reflected in the companys reserves. reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with managements expectations could have a material impact on the companys financial condition and operating results.
legal and other contingencies
the company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. the company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with managements expectations could have a material impact on the companys financial condition and operating results.item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk
the company is exposed to economic risk from interest rates and foreign exchange rates. the company uses various strategies to manage these risks however, they may still impact the companys consolidated financial statements.
interest rate risk
the company is primarily exposed to fluctuations in u.s. interest rates and their impact on the companys investment portfolio and term debt. increases in interest rates will negatively affect the fair value of the companys investment portfolio and increase the interest expense on the companys term debt. to protect against interest rate risk, the company may use derivative instruments, offset interest ratesensitive assets and liabilities, or control duration of the investment and term debt portfolios.
the following table sets forth potential impacts on the companys investment portfolio and term debt, including the effects of any associated derivatives, that would result from a hypothetical increase in relevant interest rates as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage29table0.json]
foreign exchange rate risk
the companys exposure to foreign exchange rate risk relates primarily to the company being a net receiver of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the u.s. dollar, will negatively affect the companys net sales and gross margins as expressed in u.s. dollars. fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the fair values of certain of the companys assets and liabilities. to protect against foreign exchange rate risk, the company may use derivative instruments, offset exposures, or adjust local currency pricing of its products and services. however, the company may choose to not hedge certain foreign currency exposures for a variety of reasons, including accounting considerations or prohibitive cost.
the company applied a value-at-risk (var) model to its foreign currency derivative positions to assess the potential impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. the var model used a monte carlo simulation. the var is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, to the companys foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. based on the results of the model, the company estimates, with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $538 million and $669 million as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively. changes in the companys underlying foreign currency exposures, which were excluded from the assessment, generally offset changes in the fair values of the companys foreign currency derivatives.item 8. financial statements and supplementary data
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage30table0.json]
all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.apple inc.
consolidated statements of operations
(in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per-share amounts)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage31table0.json]
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage32table0.json]
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated balance sheets
(in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and par value)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage33table0.json]
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of shareholders equity
(in millions, except per-share amounts)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage34table0.json]
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
consolidated statements of cash flows
(in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage35table0.json]
see accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.apple inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements
note 1
summary of significant accounting policies
basis of presentation and preparation
the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of apple inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in conformity with gaap requires the use of management estimates. certain prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to conform to the current periods presentation.
the companys fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last saturday of september. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the companys fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first fiscal quarter of 2023. the companys fiscal years 2024 and 2022 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks. unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the companys fiscal years ended in september and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
revenue
the company records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities.
share-based compensation
the company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest.
cash equivalents
all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are treated as cash equivalents.
marketable securities
the cost of securities sold is determined using the specific identification method.
inventories
inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method.
property, plant and equipment
depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognized on a straight-line basis.
derivative instruments
the company presents derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values in the consolidated balance sheets.
income taxes
the company records certain deferred tax assets and liabilities in connection with the minimum tax on certain foreign earnings created by the tcja.
leases
the company combines and accounts for lease and nonlease components as a single lease component for leases of corporate, data center and retail facilities.note 2
revenue
the company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of the products or services is transferred to its customers. control is generally transferred when the company has a present right to payment and title and the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products or services are transferred to its customers. for most of the companys products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. for the companys services net sales, control transfers over time as services are delivered. payment for products and services net sales is collected within a short period following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable.
the company records reductions to products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer incentive programs based on the companys expectations and historical experience.
for arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, the company allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices (ssps). when available, the company uses observable prices to determine ssps. when observable prices are not available, ssps are established that reflect the companys best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. the companys process for estimating ssps without observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the company for similar offerings, market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance obligation.
the company has identified the performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iphone, mac and ipad. the first material performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. the second material performance obligation is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include icloud

, siri
and maps. the company allocates revenue and any related discounts to all of its performance obligations based on their relative ssps. because the company lacks observable prices for product-related bundled services, the allocation of revenue is based on the companys estimated ssps. revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled software is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. revenue allocated to product-related bundled services is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided.
for certain long-term service arrangements, the company has performance obligations for services it has not yet delivered. for these arrangements, the company does not have a right to bill for the undelivered services. the company has determined that any unbilled consideration relates entirely to the value of the undelivered services. accordingly, the company has not recognized revenue, and does not disclose amounts, related to these undelivered services.
for the sale of third-party products where the company obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. the company considers multiple factors when determining whether it obtains control of third-party products, including evaluating if it can establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring acceptability of the product. for third-party applications sold through the app store, the company does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the customer. therefore, the company accounts for all third-party applicationrelated sales on a net basis by recognizing in services net sales only the commission it retains.
net sales disaggregated by significant products and services for 2024, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage37table0.json]
(1)
services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.
total net sales include $
7.7
billion of revenue recognized in 2024 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 30, 2023, $
8.2
billion of revenue recognized in 2023 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 24, 2022, and $
7.5
billion of revenue recognized in 2022 that was included in deferred revenue as of september 25, 2021.the companys proportion of net sales by disaggregated revenue source was generally consistent for each reportable segment in note 13, segment information and geographic data for 2024, 2023 and 2022, except in greater china, where iphone revenue represented a moderately higher proportion of net sales.
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the company had total deferred revenue of $
12.8
billion and $
12.1
billion, respectively. as of september 28, 2024, the company expects
64
% of total deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year,
25
% within one-to-two years,
9
% within two-to-three years and
2
% in greater than three years.
note 3
earnings per share
the following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (net income in millions and shares in thousands)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage38table0.json]
approximately
24
million restricted stock units (rsus) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for 2023 because their effect would have been antidilutive.
note 4
financial instruments
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities
the following tables show the companys cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities by significant investment category as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage38table1.json][table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage39table0.json]
(1)
the valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the companys level 2 financial instruments, which generally have counterparties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.
(2)
as of september 28, 2024, cash and cash equivalents included $
2.6
billion held in escrow and restricted from general use. these restricted cash and cash equivalents were designated to settle the companys obligation related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes).
(3)
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, total marketable securities included $
13.2
billion and $
13.8
billion, respectively, held in escrow and restricted from general use. the september 28, 2024 restricted marketable securities were designated to settle the companys obligation related to the state aid decision (refer to note 7, income taxes).
as of september 28, 2024,
86
% of the companys non-current marketable debt securities other than mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
10
% between 5 and 10 years, and
4
% greater than 10 years. as of september 28, 2024,
14
% of the companys non-current mortgage- and asset-backed securities had maturities between 1 and 5 years,
9
77
% greater than 10 years.
the companys investments in marketable debt securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. the company classifies marketable debt securities as either current or non-current based on each instruments underlying maturity.
derivative instruments and hedging
the company may use derivative instruments to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk. however, the company may choose not to hedge certain exposures for a variety of reasons including accounting considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. there can be no assurance the hedges will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in foreign exchange or interest rates.
the company classifies cash flows related to derivative instruments in the same section of the consolidated statements of cash flows as the items being hedged, which are generally classified as operating activities.
foreign exchange rate risk
to protect gross margins from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the company may use forwards, options or other instruments, and may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. the company generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to
12
months.to protect the companys foreign currencydenominated term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the company may use forwards, cross-currency swaps or other instruments. the company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. as of september 28, 2024, the maximum length of time over which the company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for term debtrelated foreign currency transactions is
18
years.
the company may also use derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges to protect gross margins from certain fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, as well as to offset a portion of the foreign currency gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.
interest rate risk
to protect the companys term debt or marketable securities from fluctuations in interest rates, the company may use interest rate swaps, options or other instruments. the company designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges.
the notional amounts of the companys outstanding derivative instruments as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 were as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage40table0.json]
the carrying amounts of the companys hedged items in fair value hedges as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 were as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage40table1.json]
accounts receivable
trade receivables
the companys third-party cellular network carriers accounted for
38
% and
41
% of total trade receivables as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively. the company requires third-party credit support or collateral from certain customers to limit credit risk.
vendor non-trade receivables
the company has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to these vendors who manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the company. the company purchases these components directly from suppliers. the company does not reflect the sale of these components in products net sales. rather, the company recognizes any gain on these sales as a reduction of products cost of sales when the related final products are sold by the company. as of september 28, 2024, the company had
two
vendors that individually represented 10% or more of total vendor non-trade receivables, which accounted for
44
23
%. as of september 30, 2023, the company had
48
%.note 5
property, plant and equipment
the following table shows the companys gross property, plant and equipment by major asset class and accumulated depreciation as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage41table0.json]
depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was $
8.2
billion, $
8.5
billion and $
8.7
billion during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
note 6
consolidated financial statement details
the following tables show the companys consolidated financial statement details as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)
other non-current assets
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage41table1.json]
other current liabilities
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage41table2.json]
other non-current liabilities
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage41table3.json]
note 7
income taxes
european commission state aid decision
on august 30, 2016, the commission announced its decision that ireland granted state aid to the company by providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the irish branches of
two
subsidiaries of the company (the state aid decision). the state aid decision ordered ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from the company for the period june 2003 through december 2014. irish legislative changes, effective as of january 2015, eliminated the application of the tax opinions from that date forward. the recovery amount was calculated to be
13.1
billion, plus interest of
1.2
billion.
from time to time, the company requested approval from the irish minister for finance to reduce the recovery amount for certain taxes paid to other countries. as of september 28, 2024, the adjusted recovery amount of
12.7
billion plus interest of
billion was held in escrow and restricted from general use. the total balance of the escrow, including net unrealized investment gains, was
14.2
billion or $
15.8
billion as of september 28, 2024, of which $
2.6
billion was classified as cash and cash equivalents and $
13.2
billion was classified as current marketable securities in the consolidated balance sheet. refer to the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities section of note 4, financial instruments for more information.the company and ireland appealed the state aid decision to the general court of the court of justice of the european union (the general court). on july 15, 2020, the general court annulled the state aid decision. on september 25, 2020, the commission appealed the general courts decision to the european court of justice (the ecj) and a hearing was held on may 23, 2023. on september 10, 2024, the ecj announced that it had set aside the 2020 judgment of the general court and confirmed the commissions 2016 state aid decision. as a result, during the fourth quarter of 2024 the company recorded a one-time income tax charge of $
10.2
billion, net, which represents $
15.8
billion payable to ireland via release of the escrow, partially offset by a u.s. foreign tax credit of $
4.8
billion and a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits of $
823
million.
provision for income taxes and effective tax rate
the provision for income taxes for 2024, 2023 and 2022, consisted of the following (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage42table0.json]
foreign pretax earnings were $
77.3
billion, $
72.9
billion and $
71.3
billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate (
21
% in 2024, 2023 and 2022) to income before provision for income taxes for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows (dollars in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage42table1.json]deferred tax assets and liabilities
as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the significant components of the companys deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage43table0.json]
as of september 28, 2024, the company had $
5.1
billion in foreign tax credit carryforwards in ireland and $
3.6
billion in california rd credit carryforwards, both of which can be carried forward indefinitely. a valuation allowance has been recorded for the credit carryforwards and a portion of other temporary differences.
uncertain tax positions
as of september 28, 2024, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $
22.0
billion, of which $
10.8
billion, if recognized, would impact the companys effective tax rate. as of september 30, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $
19.5
9.5
billion, if recognized, would have impacted the companys effective tax rate.
the aggregate change in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which excludes interest and penalties, for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage43table1.json]
the company is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and many state and foreign jurisd
ictions. tax years after 2017 for the u.s. federal jurisdiction, and after 2014 in certain major foreign jurisdictions, remain subject to examination. altho
ugh the timing of resolution or closure of examinations is not certain, the company
believes it is reasonably possible that its gross unrecognized tax benefits could decrease between approximately $
5
billion and $
13
billion in the next 12 months, primarily related to intercompany transfer pricing and deemed repatriation tax.note 8
leases
the company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. these leases typically have original terms not exceeding
10
years and generally contain multiyear renewal options, some of which are reasonably certain of exercise.
payments under the companys lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. lease costs associated with fixed payments on the companys operating leases were $
2.0
billion for both 2024 and 2023 and $
1.9
billion for 2022. lease costs associated with variable payments on the companys leases were $
13.8
billion, $
13.9
billion and $
14.9
billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the company made fixed cash payments related to operating leases of $
billion in both 2024 and 2023 and $
1.8
billion in 2022. noncash activities involving right-of-use (rou) assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were $
1.0
2.1
2.8
the following table shows rou assets and lease liabilities, and the associated financial statement line items, as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage44table0.json]
lease liability maturities as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage44table1.json]
the weighted-average remaining lease term related to the companys lease liabilities as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 was
10.3
years and
10.6
years, respectively. the discount rate related to the companys lease liabilities as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 was
3.1
% and
3.0
%, respectively.
the discount rates related to the companys lease liabilities are generally based on estimates of the companys incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates implicit in the companys leases cannot be readily determined.
as of september 28, 2024, the company had $
849
million of fixed payment obligations under additional leases, primarily for corporate facilities and retail space, that had not yet commenced. these leases will commence between 2025 and 2026, with lease terms ranging from less than
1
year to
21
years.note 9
debt
commercial paper
the company issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. the company uses net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the company had $
10.0
billion and $
6.0
billion of commercial paper outstanding, respectively, with maturities generally less than
nine months
. the weighted-average interest rate of the companys commercial paper was
5.00
% and
5.28
% as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, respectively.
the following table provides a summary of cash flows associated with the issuance and maturities of commercial paper for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage45table0.json]
term debt
the company has outstanding notes, which are senior unsecured obligations with interest payable in arrears.
the following table provides a summary of the companys term debt as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage45table1.json]
to manage interest rate risk on certain of its u.s. dollardenominated fixed-rate notes, the company uses interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed interest rates to floating interest rates on a portion of these notes. additionally, to manage foreign exchange rate risk on certain of its foreign currencydenominated notes, the company uses cross-currency swaps to effectively convert these notes to u.s. dollardenominated notes.
the effective interest rates for the notes include the interest on the notes, amortization of the discount or premium and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.
the future principal payments for the companys notes as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage45table2.json]as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the fair value of the companys notes, based on level 2 inputs, was $
88.4
billion and $
90.8
billion, respectively.
note 10
shareholders equity
share repurchase program
during 2024, the company repurchased
499
million shares of its common stock for $
95.0
billion. the companys share repurchase programs do not obligate the company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. under the programs, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act.
shares of common stock
the following table shows the changes in shares of common stock for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage46table0.json]
note 11
share-based compensation
2022 employee stock plan
the apple inc. 2022 employee stock plan (the 2022 plan) is a shareholder-approved plan that provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of rsus, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights. rsus granted under the 2022 plan generally vest over
four years
, based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting in shares of the companys common stock on a
one
-for-one basis. all rsus granted under the 2022 plan have dividend equivalent rights, which entitle holders of rsus to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. a maximum of approximately
1.3
billion shares were authorized for issuance pursuant to 2022 plan awards at the time the plan was approved on march 4, 2022.
2014 employee stock plan
the apple inc. 2014 employee stock plan, as amended and restated (the 2014 plan), is a shareholder-approved plan that provided for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers. the 2014 plan permitted the granting of the same types of equity awards with substantially the same terms as the 2022 plan. the 2014 plan also permitted the granting of cash bonus awards. in the third quarter of 2022, the company terminated the authority to grant new awards under the 2014 plan.restricted stock units
a summary of the companys rsu activity and related information for 2024, 2023 and 2022, is as follows
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage47table0.json]
the fair value as of the respective vesting dates of rsus was $
15.8
billion, $
15.9
billion and $
18.2
billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the majority of rsus that vested in 2024, 2023 and 2022 were net share settled such that the company withheld shares with a value equivalent to the employees obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. the total shares withheld were approximately
31
million,
37
million and
41
million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were based on the value of the rsus on their respective vesting dates as determined by the companys closing stock price. total payments to taxing authorities for employees tax obligations were $
5.6
billion in both 2024 and 2023 and $
6.4
billion in 2022.
share-based compensation
the following table shows share-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit included in the consolidated statements of operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage47table1.json]
as of september 28, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding rsus was $
19.4
billion, which the company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of
2.4
years.
note 12
commitments, contingencies and supply concentrations
unconditional purchase obligations
the company has entered into certain offbalance sheet commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (unconditional purchase obligations). the companys unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights.
future payments under unconditional purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of september 28, 2024, are as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage47table2.json]contingencies
the company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not been fully resolved. the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims.
concentrations in the available sources of supply of materials and product
although most components essential to the companys business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. the company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. therefore, many components used by the company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations.
the company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the company often utilize custom components available from only one source. when a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. the continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the companys requirements.
substantially all of the companys hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in china mainland, india, japan, south korea, taiwan and vietnam.
note 13
segment information and geographic data
the company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. the companys reportable segments consist of the americas, europe, greater china, japan and rest of asia pacific. americas includes both north and south america. europe includes european countries, as well as india, the middle east and africa. greater china includes china mainland, hong kong and taiwan. rest of asia pacific includes australia and those asian countries not included in the companys other reportable segments. although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the companys customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.
the company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on net sales and operating income. net sales for geographic segments are generally based on the location of customers and sales through the companys retail stores located in those geographic locations. operating income for each segment consists of net sales to third parties, related cost of sales, and operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. the information provided to the companys chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions and assessing segment performance excludes asset information.the following table shows information by reportable segment for 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage49table0.json]
a reconciliation of the companys segment operating income to the consolidated statements of operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage49table1.json]
(1)
includes general and administrative compensation costs, various nonrecurring charges, and other separately managed costs.
the following tables show net sales for 2024, 2023 and 2022 and long-lived assets as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023 for countries that individually accounted for 10% or more of the respective totals, as well as aggregate amounts for the remaining countries (in millions)
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage49table2.json]
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage49table3.json]
china includes hong kong and taiwan.report of independent registered public accounting firm
to the shareholders and the board of directors of apple inc.
opinion on the financial statements
we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of apple inc. (the company) as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap).
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the companys internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
internal control integrated framework
issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) and our report dated november 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion
these financial statements are the responsibility of the companys management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
critical audit matter
the critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. the communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage50table0.json][table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage51table0.json]
s
ernst young llp
we have served as the companys auditor since 2009.
san jose, california
november 1, 2024report of independent registered public accounting firm
to the shareholders and the board of directors of apple inc.
opinion on internal control over financial reporting
we have audited apple inc.s internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on criteria established in
internal control integrated framework
issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, apple inc. (the company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of september 28, 2024, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of september 28, 2024 and september 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended september 28, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated november 1, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
basis for opinion
the companys management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companys internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting
a companys internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
s ernst young llp
san jose, california
november 1, 2024item 9. changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure
none.


item 9a. controls and procedures
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the companys management, the companys principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the companys disclosure controls and procedures as defined in rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the exchange act were effective as of september 28, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the company in reports that it files or submits under the exchange act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the sec rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the companys management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
inherent limitations over internal controls
the companys internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with gaap. the companys internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the companys assets
(ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap, and that the companys receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the companys management and directors and
(iii)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
management, including the companys chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that the companys internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
managements annual report on internal control over financial reporting
the companys management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rule 13a-15(f) under the exchange act). management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the companys internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in internal control integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework). based on the companys assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of september 28, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap. the companys independent registered public accounting firm, ernst young llp, has issued an audit report on the companys internal control over financial reporting, which appears in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
changes in internal control over financial reporting
there were no changes in the companys internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2024, which were identified in connection with managements evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the exchange act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the companys internal control over financial reporting.item 9b. other information
insider trading arrangements
on
august 27, 2024
,
deirdre obrien
, the companys
senior vice president, retail
entered
into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of rule 10b5-1(c) under the exchange act. the plan provides for the sale, subject to certain price limits, of shares vesting between april 1, 2025 and october 1, 2026, pursuant to certain equity awards granted to ms. obrien, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations. ms. obriens plan will
expire
on
december 31, 2026
, subject to early termination in accordance with the terms of the plan.
august 29, 2024
jeff williams
chief operating officer
into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of rule 10b5-1(c) under the exchange act. the plan provides for the sale, subject to certain price limits, of up to
100,000
shares of common stock, as well as shares vesting between april 1, 2025 and october 1, 2025, pursuant to certain equity awards granted to mr. williams, excluding any shares withheld by the company to satisfy income tax withholding and remittance obligations. mr. williams plan will expire on
december 15, 2025


item 9c. disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections
not applicable.
part iii


item 10. directors, executive officers and corporate governance
the company
has
an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the companys securities that applies to all company personnel, including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. the company also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities. the company believes that its insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the company. a copy of the companys insider trading policy is filed as exhibit 19.1 to this form 10-k.
the remaining information required by this item will be included in the companys definitive proxy statement to be filed with the sec within 120 days after september 28, 2024, in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the companys 2025 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2025 proxy statement), and is incorporated herein by reference.


item 11. executive compensation
the information required by this item will be included in the 2025 proxy statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.


item 12. security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters


item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence


item 14. principal accountant fees and servicespart iv


item 15. exhibit and financial statement schedules
(a)
documents filed as part of this report
(1)
all financial statements
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage55table0.json]

ernst young llp, pcaob firm id no. 000
42
.
(2)
financial statement schedules
all financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this form 10-k.
(3)
exhibits required by item 601 of regulation s-k
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage55table1.json][table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage56table0.json][table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage57table0.json][table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage58table0.json]

indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

filed herewith.

furnished herewith.
(1)
certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant are omitted pursuant to item 601(b)(4)(iii) of regulation s-k. the registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the sec, upon request, copies of any such instruments.


item 16. form 10-k summary
none.signatures
pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage59table0.json]
power of attorney
know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints timothy d. cook and luca maestri, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this annual report on form 10-k, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the securities and exchange commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontables10-kpage59table1.json]description of debt securities
the following description of the notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. this description is qualified in its entirety by reference, as applicable, to the indenture, dated as of april 29, 2013, between apple inc. and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee (the 2013 indenture) and the indenture, dated as of november 5, 2018, between apple inc. and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee (the 2018 indenture, and together with the 2013 indenture, the indentures). references in this section to the company, us, we and our are solely to apple inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.
the notes
each of the notes were
issued under the applicable indenture, which provides that debt securities may be issued under such indenture from time to time in one or more series. the indentures and the notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of new york.
the indentures do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue thereunder. we may, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series, issue additional debt securities ranking equally with, and otherwise similar in all respects to, the debt securities of the series (except for the date of issuance, the date interest begins to accrue and, in certain circumstances, the first interest payment date) so that those additional debt securities will be consolidated and form a single series with the debt securities of the series previously offered and sold provided, however, that any additional debt securities will have a separate isin number unless certain conditions are met.
the 0.000% 2025 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 0.000% 2025 notes on november 15, 2019. the maturity date of the 0.000% 2025 notes is november 15, 2025, and interest at a rate of 0.000% per annum is paid annually on november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2020, and on the maturity date. as of
october 18, 2024
,
1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 0.000% 2025 notes was outstanding.
the 0.875% 2025 notes
we issued 1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 0.875% 2025 notes on may 24, 2017. the maturity date of the 0.875% 2025 notes is may 24, 2025, and interest at a rate of 0.875% per annum is paid annually on may 24 of each year, beginning on may 24, 2018, and on the maturity date. as of
1,250,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 0.875% 2025 notes was outstanding.
the 2026 notes
we issued 1,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes on november 10, 2014. the maturity date of the 2026 notes is november 10, 2026, and interest at a rate of 1.625% per annum is paid annually on november 10 of each year, beginning on november 10, 2015, and on the maturity date. as of
1,400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes was outstanding.
the 2027 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027 notes on september 17, 2015. the maturity date of the 2027 notes is september 17, 2027, and interest at a rate of 2.000% per annum is paid annually on september 17 of each year, beginning on september 17, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
aggregate principal amount of the 2027 notes was outstanding.
the 1.375% 2029 notes
we issued 1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 1.375% 2029 notes on may 24, 2017. the maturity date of the 1.375% 2029 notes is may 24, 2029, and interest at a rate of 1.375% per annum is paid annually on may 24 of each year, beginning on may 24, 2018, and on the maturity date. as of
aggregate principal amount of the 1.375% 2029 notes was outstanding.the 3.050% 2029 notes
we issued 750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 3.050% 2029 notes on july 31, 2015. the maturity date of the 3.050% 2029 notes is july 31, 2029, and interest at a rate of 3.050% per annum is paid semi-annually on january 31 and july 31 of each year, beginning on january 31, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
october 18, 2024
,
750,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 3.050% 2029 notes was outstanding.
the 2031 notes
we issued 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2031 notes on november 15, 2019. the maturity date of the 2031 notes is november 15, 2031, and interest at a rate of 0.500% per annum is paid annually on november 15 of each year, beginning on november 15, 2020, and on the maturity date. as of
1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2031 notes was outstanding.
the 2042 notes
we issued 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2042 notes on july 31, 2015. the maturity date of the 2042 notes is july 31, 2042, and interest at a rate of 3.600% per annum is paid semi-annually on january 31 and july 31 of each year, beginning on january 31, 2016, and on the maturity date. as of
500,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the 2042 notes was outstanding.
ranking
the notes are our senior unsecured indebtedness and rank equally with each other and with all of our other senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. however, the notes are structurally subordinated to any indebtedness and preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries and are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. claims of the creditors of our subsidiaries generally have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of our creditors, including holders of the notes. accordingly, the notes are effectively subordinated to creditors, including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any, of our subsidiaries. the indentures do not restrict our ability or that of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness.
payment on the notes
all payments of principal of, the redemption price (if any), and interest and additional amounts (if any) on the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes are payable in euro, provided that, if the euro is unavailable to the company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the companys control, or if the euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the european monetary union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes will be made in u.s. dollars, until the euro is again available to the company or so used. the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted into u.s. dollars at the rate mandated by the u.s. federal reserve board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the u.s. federal reserve board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent u.s. dollareuro exchange rate published in the wall street journal on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date. any payment in respect of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes so made in u.s. dollars will not constitute an event of default under such notes or the applicable indenture.
with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, business day means any day, other than a saturday or sunday, (1) which is not a day on which banking institutions in the city of new york or london are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close and (2) on which the trans-european automated real-time gross settlement express transfer system (the target2 system), or any successor thereto, is open.
all payments of principal of, the redemption price (if any), and interest and additional amounts (if any) on the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes are payable in pounds sterling, or, if the united kingdom adopts euro as its lawful currency, in euro. if pounds sterling or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, euro is unavailable to the company due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the companys control or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, the euro is no longer being used by the then member states ofthe european monetary union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of or within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes will be made in u.s. dollars until the pound sterling or euro, as the case may be, is again available to the company or so used. the amount payable on any date in pounds sterling or, in the event such notes are redenominated into euro, euro will be converted into u.s. dollars at the rate mandated by the u.s. federal reserve board as of the close of business on the second business day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the u.s. federal reserve board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the basis of the most recent u.s. dollarpounds sterling or, in the event the notes are redenominated into euro, the most recent u.s. dollareuro exchange rate published in the wall street journal on or prior to the second business day prior to the relevant payment date. any payment in respect of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes so made in u.s. dollars will not constitute an event of default under such notes or the 2013 indenture.
with respect to the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, business day means any day which is not a day on which banking institutions in the city of new york or london or the relevant place of payment are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
payment of additional amounts
the terms of the notes state that all payments of principal and interest in respect of the notes will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature required to be deducted or withheld by the united states or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the united states, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
all of the notes also contain a covenant substantially similar to the following
the company will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional interest on the notes such additional amounts (additional amounts) as are necessary in order that the net payment by the company or the paying agent of the company for the applicable notes (paying agent) of the principal of and interest on the notes to a holder who is not a united states person (as defined below), after withholding or deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge (tax) imposed by the united states or a taxing authority in the united states, will not be less than the amount provided in the notes to be then due and payable provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply
(1)
to any tax that is imposed by reason of the holder (or the beneficial owner for whose benefit such holder holds the notes), or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being considered as
(a)
being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the united states or having or having had a permanent establishment in the united states
(b)
having a current or former connection with the united states (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of the notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights hereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the united states
(c)
being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes or a corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid u.s. federal income tax
(d)
being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the company as defined in section 871(h)(3) of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code)
(e)
being a controlled foreign corporation that is related to the company within the meaning of section 864(d)(4) of the code or
(f)
being a bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business(2)
to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of the notes, or a portion of the notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner with respect to the holder, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment
(3)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the united states of the holder or beneficial owner of the notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the united states or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the united states is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax (including, but not limited to, the requirement to provide internal revenue service forms w-8ben, w-8ben-e, w-8eci, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto, and any documentation requirement under an applicable income tax treaty)
(4)
to any tax that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by the company or a paying agent from the payment
(5)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 10 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later
(6)
to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property or similar tax
(7)
to any tax required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent
(8)
to any tax that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of any note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later
(9)
to any tax imposed under sections 1471 through 1474 of the code (or any amended or successor provisions), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the code or
(10)
in the case of any combination of items (1) through (9) above.
the notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to the notes. except as specifically provided under this heading payment of additional amounts, the company will not be required to make any payment for any tax imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. as used under payment of additional amounts and under redemption for tax reasons, the term united states means the united states of america (including the states and the district of columbia and any political subdivision thereof), and the term united states person
means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the united states for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the united states, any state of the united states or the district of columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a united states person under any applicable treasury regulations), or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to u.s. federal income taxation regardless of its source.
redemption for tax reasons
if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, or, in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, introduction of, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the united states (or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the united states), or any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings,
which change or amendment isannounced or becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable prospectus supplement,
we become, or based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by us, will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described above under the heading payments of additional amounts with respect to a series of the notes, then we may at our option redeem, in whole, but not in part
, in the case of the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes
, the notes of such series on not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice,
in the case of the 0.875% 2025 notes and the 1.375% 2029 notes, the notes of such series on not less than 15 nor more than 60 days notice, and in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, the notes of such series on not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, in each case
at a redemption price equal to 100% of their principal amount, together with interest accrued but unpaid on those notes to
(and, in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, but not including)
the date fixed for redemption.
optional redemption
we may redeem the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of

100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or
the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (actualactual (icma)) at the applicable comparable government bond rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points in the case of the 2026 notes, plus 15 basis points in the case of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes and plus 20 basis points in the case of the 2027 notes.
we may redeem the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes at our option, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, prior to the applicable par call date at a redemption price equal to the greater of
the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon assuming that the notes matured on the applicable par call date (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (actualactual (icma)) at the applicable comparable government bond rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes, plus 15 basis points in the case of the 0.875% 2025 notes and the 2031 notes, and 20 basis points in the case of the 2029 notes.
par call date means (i) with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, august 15, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 0.000% 2025 notes), (ii) with respect to the 0.875% 2025 notes, february 24, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 0.875% 2025 notes), (iii) with respect to the 1.375% 2029 notes, february 24, 2029 (three months prior to the maturity date of 1.375% 2029 notes) and (iv) with respect to the 2031 notes, august 15, 2031 (three months prior to the maturity of the 2031 notes).
if any of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes or the 2031 notes are redeemed on or after the applicable par call date, the redemption price for such notes will equal 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed.
in each case upon redemption of the notes, we will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
installments of interest on notes being redeemed that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date shall be payable on the interest payment date to the holders as of the close of business on the relevant regular record date according to the notes and the applicable indenture.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 2026 notes and the 2027 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a german government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other german government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor marketmakers in, german government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a united kingdom government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other united kingdom government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor market makers in, united kingdom government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond means, in relation to any comparable government bond rate calculation for the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a german government bond whose maturity is closest to the applicable par call date of the notes being redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other german government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, andor market makers in, german government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the comparable government bond rate.
comparable government bond rate means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the notes, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the comparable government bond on the basis of the middle market price of the comparable government bond prevailing at 1100 a.m. (london time) on such business day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by us.
covenants
the indentures set forth limited covenants that apply to the notes. however, these covenants do not, among other things

limit the amount of indebtedness or lease obligations that may be incurred by us and our subsidiaries
limit our ability or that of our subsidiaries to issue, assume or guarantee debt secured by liens or
restrict us from paying dividends or making distributions on our capital stock or purchasing or redeeming our capital stock.
consolidation, merger and sale of assets
the indentures provide that we may consolidate with or merge with or into any other person, and may sell, transfer, or lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets to another person provided that the following conditions are satisfied
we are the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee person (the successor) is a person (if such person is not a corporation, then the successor will include a corporate co-issuer of the debt securities) organized and existing under the laws of the united states of america, any state thereof or the district of columbia and the successor (if not us) will expressly assume, by supplemental indenture, all of our obligations under the debt securities and the applicable indenture and, for each security that by its terms provides for conversion, provide for the right to convert such security in accordance with its terms
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default under the applicable indenture has occurred and is continuing and
in the case of the 2013 indenture, the trustee receives from us an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel that the transaction and such supplemental indenture, as the case may be, complies with the applicable provisions of the 2013 indenture.if we consolidate or merge with or into any other person or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of our properties and assets in accordance with the indentures, the successor will be substituted for us in the indentures, with the same effect as if it had been an original party to the indentures. as a result, the successor may exercise our rights and powers under the indentures, and we will be released from all our liabilities and obligations under the indentures and under the debt securities.
for purposes of this covenant, person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
events of default
each of the following events are defined in the indentures as an event of default (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether or not it will be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) with respect to the debt securities of any series
(1) default in the payment of any installment of interest on any debt securities of such series for 30 days after becoming due
(2) default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, on any debt securities of such series when it becomes due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon declaration or otherwise
(3) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or agreement of ours in the applicable indenture with respect to the debt securities of such series (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the performance of which or a breach of which is elsewhere in the applicable indenture specifically dealt with or that has expressly been included in the applicable indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than such series), which continues for a period of 90 days after written notice to us by the trustee or to us and the trustee by the holders of, in the case of the 2013 indenture, at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series
(4) we, pursuant to or within the meaning of the bankruptcy law

commence a voluntary case or proceeding
consent to the entry of an order for relief against us in an involuntary case or proceeding
consent to the appointment of a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property
make a general assignment for the benefit of our creditors
file a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief
consent to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian or
take any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency
(5) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any bankruptcy law that
is for relief against us in an involuntary case, or adjudicates us insolvent or bankrupt
appoints a custodian of us or for all or substantially all of our property or
orders the winding-up or liquidation of us (or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws)
and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 days (or, in the case of the 2018 indenture, 90 consecutive days) or(6) any other event of default provided with respect to debt securities of such series occurs.
bankruptcy law means title 11, united states code or any similar federal or state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. custodian means any custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any bankruptcy law.
if an event of default with respect to debt securities of any series (other than an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us) occurs and is continuing, the trustee by notice to us, or the holders of, in the case of the 2013 indenture, at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series
, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series,
by notice to us and the trustee, may, and the trustee at the request of these holders will, declare the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on all the debt securities of such series to be due and payable. upon such a declaration, such principal, premium and accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable immediately. if an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of us occurs and is continuing, the principal of and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on the debt securities of such series will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holders.
the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind a declaration of acceleration and its consequences, if we have deposited certain sums with the trustee and all events of default with respect to the debt securities of such series, other than the non-payment of the principal or interest which have become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived, as provided in the indentures.
an event of default for a particular series of debt securities does not necessarily constitute an event of default for any other series of debt securities issued under the indentures.
we are required to furnish the trustee annually within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year a statement by one of our officers to the effect that, to the best knowledge of such officer, we are not in default in the fulfillment of any of our obligations under the applicable indenture or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default and the nature and status thereof.
no holder of any debt securities of any series will have any right to institute any judicial or other proceeding with respect to the applicable indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy unless
(1) an event of default has occurred and is continuing and such holder has given the trustee prior written notice of such continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of such series
(2) in the case of the 2013 indenture, the holders of not less than 25% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, the holders of not less than 33% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series have requested the trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such event of default
(3) the trustee has been offered indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against its costs, expenses and liabilities in complying with such request
(4) the trustee has failed to institute proceedings 60 days after the receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity and
(5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given for 60 days by the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series.
the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding debt securities of a series will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series or exercising any trust or power conferred to the trustee, and to waive certain defaults. each of the indentures provides that if an event of default occurs and is continuing, the trustee will exercise such of its rights and powers under such indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances inthe conduct of such persons own affairs. subject to such provisions, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the applicable indenture at the request of any of the holders of the debt securities of a series unless they will have offered to the trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request.
notwithstanding the foregoing, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment.
modification and waivers
modification and amendments of the indentures and the notes may be made by us and the trustee with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding series of notes affected thereby provided, however, that no such modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding note of that series affected thereby

change the stated maturity of the principal of, or installment of interest on, any note
reduce the principal amount of any note or reduce the amount of the principal of any note which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or reduce the rate of interest on any note
reduce any premium payable on the redemption of any note or change the date on which any note may or must be redeemed (in the case of the 2018 indenture, it being understood that a change to any notice requirement with respect to such date shall not be deemed to be a change of such date)
change the coin or currency in which the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on any note is payable
impair the right of any holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or after the stated maturity of any note (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the redemption date)
reduce the percentage in principal amount of the outstanding notes, the consent of whose holders is required in order to take certain actions
reduce the requirements for quorum or voting by holders of notes in the applicable indenture or the note
modify any of the provisions in the applicable indenture regarding the waiver of past defaults and the waiver of certain covenants by the holders of notes except to increase any percentage vote required or to provide that certain other provisions of the applicable indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each notes affected thereby
make any change that adversely affects the right to convert or exchange any debt security or decreases the conversion or exchange rate or increases the conversion price of any convertible or exchangeable debt security, unless such decrease or increase is permitted by the terms of the debt securities or
modify any of the above provisions.
we and the trustee may, without the consent of any holders, modify or amend the terms of the indentures and any series of notes with respect to the following
to add to our covenants for the benefit of holders of all or any series of the notes or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us
to evidence the succession of another person to, and the assumption by the successor of our covenants, agreements and obligations under, the applicable indenture pursuant to the covenant described above under the caption covenantsconsolidation, merger and sale of assets
to add any additional events of default for the benefit of holders of all or any series of the notes
to add one or more guarantees, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, co-obligors, for the benefit of holders of the notes
to secure the notes pursuant to the covenants of the indenture
to add or appoint a successor or separate trustee or other agent
to provide for the issuance of additional debt securities of any series
to establish the form or terms of the debt securities of any series as permitted by the indenture
to comply with the rules of any applicable securities depository
to provide for uncertificated notes in addition to or in place of certificated notes
in the case of the 2013 indenture, to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the 2013 indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities provided that any such addition, change or elimination (a) shall neither (1) apply to any debt security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (2) modify the rights of the holder of any such debt security with respect to such provision or (b) shall become effective only when there is no debt security described in clause (a)(1) outstanding
in the case of the 2018 indenture, to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the 2018 indenture in respect of one or more series of debt securities provided that any such addition, change or elimination shall become effective only when there is no outstanding security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and as to which such supplemental indenture would apply
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency
to change any other provision provided that the change does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of debt securities of, in the case of the 2013 indenture any series, and in the case of the 2018 indenture, any outstanding series, in any material respect
to supplement any of the provisions of the applicable indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of notes pursuant to the indenture provided that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of notes of such series or any other series of debt securities in any material respect
to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the notes may be listed or traded and
to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the applicable indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any amendments to the trust indenture act of 1939, as amended, and in the case of the 2013 indenture, provided that such action does not adversely affect the rights or interests of any holder of debt securities in any material respect.
the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of any series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive compliance by us with certain restrictive provisions of the indentures. the holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding notes of a series may, on behalf of the holders of all notes of that series, waive any past default and its consequences under the applicable indenture with respect to the notes of that series, except a default (1) in the payment of principal or premium, if any, or interest on notes of that series or (2) in respect of a covenant or provision of the applicable indenture that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each note of that series. upon any such waiver, such default will cease to exist, and any event of default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of the indenture however, no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or event of default or impair any rights consequent thereon.discharge, defeasance and covenant defeasance
we may discharge certain obligations to holders of the notes of a series that have not already been delivered to the trustee for cancellation and that either have become due and payable or will become due and payable within one year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing with the trustee, in trust, funds in u.s. dollars in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness including, but not limited to, the principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (if due and payable) or to the maturity thereof or the redemption date of the notes of that series, as the case may be. we may direct the trustee to invest such funds in u.s. treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term u.s. treasury securities.
the indentures provide that we may elect either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all obligations with respect to the notes of a series (except for, among other things, obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the notes, to replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen notes, to maintain an office or agency with respect to the notes and to hold moneys for payment in trust) (legal defeasance) or (2) to be released from our obligations to comply with the restrictive covenants under the applicable indenture, and any omission to comply with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event of default with respect to the notes of a series and clauses (3) and (6) under the caption events of default above will no longer be applied (covenant defeasance). legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case may be, will be conditioned upon, among other things, the irrevocable deposit by us with the trustee, in trust, of an amount in u.s. dollars, or u.s. government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, applicable to the notes of that series which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal or premium, if any, and interest on the notes on the scheduled due dates therefor.
if we effect covenant defeasance with respect to the notes of any series, the amount in u.s. dollars, or u.s. government obligations (as such term is modified below), or both, on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent accountants, to pay amounts due on the notes of that series at the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the notes of that series at the time of the acceleration resulting from such event of default. however, we would remain liable to make payment of such amounts due at the time of acceleration.
with respect to the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, the term u.s. government obligations shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the german government or (ii) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the german government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the german government or the central bank of the german government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
with respect to the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, the term u.s. government obligations shall instead mean (x) any security that is (i) a direct obligation of the united kingdom government or (ii) an obligation of a person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the united kingdom government the payment of which is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the united kingdom government or the central bank of the united kingdom government, which, in either case (x)(i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) certificates, depositary receipts or other instruments which evidence a direct ownership interest in obligations described in clause (x)(i) or (x)(ii) above or in any specific principal or interest payments due in respect thereof.
we will be required to deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related defeasance will not cause the holders and beneficial owners of the notes of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. if we elect legal defeasance, that opinion of counsel must be based upon a ruling from the u.s. internal revenue service or a change in law to that effect.
we may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option.book-entry and settlement
the notes were issued in book-entry form and are represented by global notes deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary on behalf of euroclear and clearstream, and are registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee. except as described herein, certificated notes will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes.
certificated notes
subject to certain conditions, the notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor, in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 0.000% 2025 notes, the 0.875% 2025 notes, the 2026 notes, the 2027 notes, the 1.375% 2029 notes and the 2031 notes, and in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof in the case of the 3.050% 2029 notes and the 2042 notes, if
1.
the common depositary notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or if the common depositary ceases to be eligible under the applicable indenture and we do not appoint a successor depository within 90 days
2. we determine that the notes will no longer be represented by global securities and execute and deliver to the trustee an order to that effect or
3. an event of default with respect to the notes will have occurred and be continuing.
any note that is exchangeable as above is exchangeable for certificated notes issuable in authorized denominations and registered in such names as the common depositary shall direct. subject to the foregoing, a global note is not exchangeable, except for a global note of the same aggregate denomination to be registered in the name of the common depositary or its nominee.
the trustee for the notes
the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. is the trustee under the indentures. we have commercial deposits and custodial arrangements with the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a. and its affiliates (bnym). we may enter into similar or other banking relationships with bnym in the future in the normal course of business. in addition, bnym acts as trustee and as paying agent with respect to other debt securities issued by us, and may do so for future issuances of debt securities by us as well.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8.
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following each vesting event pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting event), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event, less tax-related items. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
. except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service, meaning the first date the participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the company or one of its subsidiaries (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date and the participant will have no right to the terminated rsus, any underlying shares or any cash equivalent. notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants disability at a time when rsus remain unvested under the award, (a) the award shall vest on the severance date with respect to the number of rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) determined by multiplying (i) the number of then-outstanding and unvested rsus subject to the award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to section 3 on the next vesting date following the severance date but for such termination of service, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the vesting date that immediately preceded the severance date (or, in the case of a termination of service prior to the initial vesting date,the vesting commencement date) and the severance date, and the denominator of which shall be the number of days between the vesting date that immediately preceded the severance date (or, in the case of a termination of service prior to the initial vesting date, the vesting commencement date) and the next vesting date following the severance date that would have occurred but for such termination of service and (b) any rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) that are not vested after giving effect to the foregoing clause (a) shall terminate on the severance date. further, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants death, any unvested rsus shall be fully vested as of the severance date, and any dividend equivalent rights credited to the participant shall be paid. if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer, or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdiction(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held backsolely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver doesnot materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. for purposes of clarity, the percentage of the dividend equivalent rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of rsus that vest on the vesting date, after giving effect to
exhibit a
. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8 or
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following the vesting date pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on the vesting date, less tax-related items. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
. except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service, meaning the first date the participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the company or one of its subsidiaries (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date and the participant will have no right to the terminated rsus, any underlying shares or any cash equivalent. notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the participants termination of service is due to the participants death or disability and the severance date occurs prior to the vesting date, on the vesting date the award shall vest with respect to a number of rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) determined by multiplying (i) the rsus subject to the award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to the award on such vesting date but for the termination of service and to the extent the applicable performance-based vesting requirement is satisfied, by (ii) the severance fraction(determined as set forth below). any rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) that are unvested on the severance date and that are not eligible to vest on the vesting date following the severance date pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the severance date, and any rsus that remain outstanding and unvested after giving effect to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the vesting date. the
severance fraction
means a fraction, the numerator of which shall be determined by subtracting the number of days remaining in the performance period on the severance date from the total number of days in the performance period, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of days in the performance period. if any unvested rsus are terminated pursuant to this award agreement, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date (or, to the extent that any rsus remain outstanding following the severance date by reason of this section 8, but the applicable performance-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, such rsus shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the vesting date, as provided in
exhibit a
) without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant, or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm andor third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may beissued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related
items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdictions(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority orto the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
performance award
exhibit a
performance vesting requirements
the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) subject to the award that will vest on the vesting date will be determined based on the companys relative total shareholder return (
tsr
) percentile for the performance period.
the percentage of the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) that vest on the vesting date will be determined as follows

if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the rsus will vest on the vesting date.
for tsr percentile performance for the performance period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the rsus that will vest on the vesting date will be determined on a straight-line basis (
i.e.
, linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated above.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the companys tsr for the performance period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred percent (100%) of the target rsus vest.
the number of rsus that vest on the vesting date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the rsus will not vest and will terminate on that vesting date.
for purposes of the award, the following definitions will apply

tsr percentile
means the percentile ranking of the companys tsr among the tsrs for the comparison group members for the performance period. in determining the companys tsr percentile for the performance period, in the event that the companys tsr for the performance period is equal to the tsr(s) of one or more other comparison group members for that same period, the companys tsr percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the companys tsr for that period as being greater than such other comparison group members.
comparison group
means the company and each other company included in the standard poors 500 index on the first day of the performance period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. in the event a member of the comparison group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a comparison group member, and such companys ending price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed ortraded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the performance period. in the event of a formation of a new parent company by a comparison group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original comparison group member or the assets and liabilities of such comparison group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the comparison group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original comparison group member are not. in the event of a merger or other business combination of two comparison group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one comparison group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another comparison group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the comparison group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. with respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction.


tsr
shall be determined with respect to the company and any other comparison group member by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable beginning price from the applicable ending price and (ii) all dividends and other distributions during the performance period by (b) the applicable beginning price. any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. for the purpose of determining tsr, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
beginning price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining beginning price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
ending price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining ending price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
with respect to the computation of tsr, beginning price, and ending price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split occurring during the performance period (or during the applicable twenty (20)-day period in determining beginning price or ending price, as the case may be).
in the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the committee shall be final and binding.
5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8.
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following each vesting date determined pursuant to sections 3 or 8 or following the participants death as specified in section 8(d) (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date or the date of the participants death, as applicable), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event (or, in the case of the participants retirement or disability, are scheduled to settle on such vesting event) less tax-related items, unless such rsus terminate prior to the applicable vesting date pursuant to section 8. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate and be forfeited to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily, or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date.
notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided by the committee, in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants retirement (defined below) on or after the first anniversary of the award date, any unvested rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall continue to be eligible to vest on a pro rata basis (in accordancewith the schedule set forth in the grant notice and section 8(d)), without regard to the participants termination of service, determined by multiplying (i) the number of rsus eligible to vest on the applicable vesting date, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have elapsed between the award date and the participants retirement date, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of days contained in the period between the award date and the applicable vesting date. for purposes of this award agreement,
retirement
means the participants termination of service on or after the participant both has reached the age of sixty (60) and has completed ten (10) years of service
with the company, or any subsidiary (including service with any entity acquired by the company) as of the severance date, as determined in the sole discretion of the committee. in the event the participants termination of service occurs prior to the first anniversary of the award date, this section 8(b) shall not apply, unless the committee shall otherwise determine in its sole discretion. for purposes of this section 8(b), a termination of service shall not include the participants termination of service resulting from the participants disability or death (in which case section 8(c) or 8(d), as applicable, will apply).
(c)
in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants disability, any unvested rsus shall continue to be eligible to vest in full (in accordance with the schedule set forth in the grant notice and section 8(d)) without regard to the participants termination of service.
(d)
i
n the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants death, all unvested rsus eligible to vest on vesting date(s) subsequent to the participants death shall accelerate and vest immediately, and upon the participants death following the participants termination of service due to disability or retirement any rsus that were eligible to vest in full, or pro rata in the case of retirement, will be settled as soon as administratively practicable after the participants death in accordance with section 7.
(e)
if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries(c)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm or third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer, or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting, and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation, including short-term cash incentives, payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdiction(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration, and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration, and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only whenreceived, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.5.
dividend and voting rights
.
(a)
limitations on rights associated with rsus
. the participant shall have no rights as a shareholder of the company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in section 5(b) with respect to dividend equivalent rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the rsus or any shares underlying or issuable in respect of such rsus until such shares are actually issued to and held of record by the participant. no adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance of the shares as reflected in the book entry evidencing such shares.
(b)
dividend equivalent rights
. as of any date that the company pays an ordinary cash dividend on its shares, the company shall credit the participant with a dollar amount equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the company on its shares on such date, multiplied by (ii) the total target number of rsus (with such total number adjusted pursuant to section 11 of the plan) subject to the award that are outstanding on the record date for that dividend (a
dividend equivalent right
). any dividend equivalent rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as the original rsus to which they relate, including the obligation to satisfy the tax-related items provided, however, that the amount of any vested dividend equivalent rights shall be paid in cash. for purposes of clarity, the percentage of the dividend equivalent rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of rsus that vest on the vesting date, after giving effect to
exhibit a
. no crediting of dividend equivalent rights shall be made pursuant to this section 5(b) with respect to any rsus which, as of the record date for that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to section 7 or terminated pursuant to section 8 or
6.
restrictions on transfer
. except as provided in section 4(c) of the plan, the award, the dividend equivalent rights and any interest therein or amount or shares issued in respect thereof shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7.
timing and manner of settlement of rsus
. on or as soon as administratively practical following the vesting date pursuant to section 3 or section 8 (and in all events not later than two and one-half (2 ) months after such vesting date), the company shall deliver to the participant a number of shares equal to the number of rsus subject to the award that vest on such vesting event (or, in the case of the participants retirement, death or disability, are scheduled to settle on such vesting event), less tax-related items, unless such rsus terminate prior to the vesting date pursuant to section 8. the companys obligation to deliver shares or otherwise settle vested rsus is subject to the condition precedent that the participant or other person entitled under the plan to receive any shares with respect to the vested rsus deliver to the company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant to section 13(c) of the plan. the participant shall have no further rights with respect to any rsus that are settled or that are forfeited pursuant to section 8.
8.
effect of termination of service
except as expressly provided in section 4 or this section 8, the participants rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall terminate and be forfeited to the extent such rsus have not become vested prior to the date of the participants termination of service (the
severance date
), regardless of the reason for the participants termination of service, whether with or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily or whether the participant was employed or provided services for a portion of the vesting period prior to a vesting date.
notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided by the committee, in the event of the participants termination of service due to the participants retirement (defined below) on or after the first anniversary of the award date, death or disability, any unvestedrsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall continue to be eligible to vest on the vesting date without regard to the participants termination of service. for purposes of this award agreement,
retirement
means the participants termination of service on or after the participant both has reached the age of sixty (60) and has completed ten (10) years of service with the company, or any subsidiary (including service with any entity acquired by the company), as of the severance date, as determined in the sole discretion of the committee. in the event the participants termination of service occurs due to retirement prior to the first anniversary of the award date, this section 8(b) shall not apply, unless the committee shall otherwise determine in its sole discretion.
(c)
if any unvested rsus are terminated hereunder, such rsus (as well as the related dividend equivalent rights) shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the applicable severance date (or, to the extent that any rsus remain outstanding following the severance date by reason of section 8(b) but the applicable performance-based vesting conditions are not satisfied, such rsus shall automatically terminate and be canceled as of the vesting date, as provided in
exhibit a
) without payment of any consideration by the company and without any other action by the participant, or the participants beneficiary or personal representative, as the case may be.
9.
recoupment
. notwithstanding any other provision herein, the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, shall be subject to any recoupment, clawback or similar provisions of applicable laws relevant to the companys shares and any recoupment, clawback or similar policy maintained by the company from time to time. in addition, the company may require the participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the company the award and any shares or other amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the award, as well as any consideration that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such shares or property, if the company reasonably determines that one or more of the following has occurred
(a)
during the period of the participants employment or service with the company or any of its subsidiaries (the
employment period
), the participant has committed a felony (under the laws of the united states or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction)
(b)
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the company or any of its subsidiaries
during the employment period or at any time thereafter, the participant has committed or engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement to which the participant is a party with the company or any of its subsidiaries.
for purposes of the foregoing, the participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the company to issue instructions, on the participants behalf, to any brokerage firm andor third party administrator holding the participants shares andor other amounts acquired under the plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares andor other amounts to the company. by accepting this award, the participant further agrees to comply with any request or demand for repayment by the company in order to comply with such policies or applicable laws. to the extent that the terms of this agreement and any company recoupment policy conflict, the terms of the recoupment policy shall prevail. this section 9 is not the companys exclusive remedy with respect to such matters.
10.
adjustments upon specified events
. upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the companys stock contemplated by section 11 of the plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash dividend on such stock), the committee shall make adjustments in accordance withsuch section in the number of rsus then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect of the award. no such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which dividend equivalent rights are credited pursuant to section 5(b).
11.
responsibility for taxes
. the participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the company andor the participants employer (
employer
) take with respect to any tax-related
items, the ultimate liability for all tax-related items is and remains the participants responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the company or the employer. the participant further acknowledges that the company andor the employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any tax-related items in connection with any aspect of the award, including the grant of the rsus, the vesting of the rsus, the delivery of shares, the subsequent sale of any shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends andor dividend equivalent rights and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the award to reduce or eliminate the participants liability for tax-related items or achieve any particular tax result. further, if the participant is or becomes subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the participant acknowledges that the company andor the employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax-related items in more than one jurisdiction.
prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the participant shall pay or make arrangements satisfactory to the company andor the employer to satisfy all tax-related items. in this regard, the participant authorizes the company andor the employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to all tax-related items by one or a combination of the following
(a)
withholding from any wages or other cash compensation, including short-term cash incentives, payable to the participant by the company andor the employer
(b)
withholding otherwise deliverable shares andor from otherwise payable dividend equivalent rights to be issued or paid upon vestingsettlement of the award
(c)
arranging for the sale of shares otherwise deliverable to the participant (on the participants behalf and at the participants direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling shares as part of a block trade with other participants in the plan
(d)
withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon vestingsettlement of the award or
(e)
any other method of withholding determined by the company to be permitted under the plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the plan, approved by the committee.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the participant is an officer of the company who is subject to section 16 of the exchange act, then the company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding shares otherwise deliverable or an amount otherwise payable upon settlement of dividend equivalent rights pursuant to method (b), unless the board or the committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the obligation for tax-related items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.the company may withhold or account for tax-related items by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in the participants jurisdictions(s). if the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount may be refunded to the participant in cash by the company or employer (with no entitlement to the share equivalent) or if not refunded, the participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. in the event of under-withholding, the participant may be required to pay additional tax-related items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the company or employer. if the obligation for tax-related items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares subject to the vested rsus, notwithstanding that a number of the shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the tax-related items. the company may refuse to issue or deliver to the participant any shares or the proceeds of the sale of shares if the participant fails to comply with the participants obligations in connection with the tax-related items.
12.
electronic delivery and acceptance
. the company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the award by electronic means or request the participants consent to participate in the plan by electronic means. the participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery and to participate in the plan through an on-line or voice activated system established and maintained by the company or a third party vendor designated by the company.
13.
data privacy
. by participating in the plan, the participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer of personal data as described in this section 13. the company, its related entities, and the employer hold certain personal information about the participant, including the participants name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the company, details of all rsus or any other entitlement to shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the participants favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the plan (
data
). the company and its related entities may transfer data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the participants participation in the plan, and the company and its related entities may each further transfer data to any third parties assisting the company or any such related entity in the implementation, administration and management of the plan. the participant acknowledges that the transferors and transferees of such data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the participants participation in the plan, including any transfer of such data as may be required for the administration of the plan andor the subsequent holding of shares on the participants behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the participant may elect to deposit any shares acquired under the plan (whether pursuant to the award or otherwise).
14.
notices
. any notice to be given under the terms of this award agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the company at its principal office to the attention of the secretary, and to the participant at the participants last address reflected on the companys records, or at such other address as either party may hereafter designate in writing to the other. any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the participant is no longer an employee of the company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the united states government.
15.
plan
. the award and all rights of the participant under this award agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the provisions of the plan, incorporated herein by reference. the participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the plan and this award agreement. the participant acknowledges having read and understood the plan, the prospectus for the plan, and this award agreement. unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections of this award agreement, provisions of the plan that confer discretionary authority on the board or the committee do not (and shall not bedeemed to) create any rights in the participant unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the board or the committee so conferred by appropriate action of the board or the committee under the plan after the date hereof.
16.
entire agreement
. this award agreement and the plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. the plan and this award agreement may be amended pursuant to section 15 of the plan. such amendment must be in writing and signed by the company. the company may, however, unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not materially and adversely affect the interests of the participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17.
limitation on the participants rights
.
participation in the plan
confers no
rights or interests other than as herein provided. this award agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the company as to the rsus and the settlement thereof and shall not be construed as creating a trust. neither the plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. the participant shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the company with respect to the settlement of rsus, and rights no greater than the right to receive the shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to rsus, as and when settled hereunder.
18.
section headings
. the section headings of this award agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
19.
governing law
. this award agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of california and applicable u.s. federal laws without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
20.
choice of venue
. for purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this award agreement, the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state of california and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of santa clara county, california, or the federal courts for the northern district of california, and no other courts, where this grant is made or to be performed.
21.
construction
. it is intended that the terms of the award will not result in the imposition of any tax liability pursuant to section 409a of the code. this award agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.
22.
severability
. the provisions of this award agreement are severable and if any one of more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
23.
imposition of other requirements
. the company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the participants participation in the plan, on the rsus and on any shares acquired under the plan, to the extent the company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
performance award
exhibit a
performance vesting requirements
the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) subject to the award that will vest on the vesting date will be determined based on the companys relative total shareholder return (
tsr
) percentile for the performance period.
the percentage of the rsus (and related dividend equivalent rights) that vest on the vesting date will be determined as follows

if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile or greater, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is at the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the target rsus will vest on the vesting date.
if the companys tsr percentile for the performance period is below the [ ] ([ ]) percentile, [ ] ([ ]%) of the rsus will vest on the vesting date.
for tsr percentile performance for the performance period between the levels indicated above, the portion of the rsus that will vest on the vesting date will be determined on a straight-line basis (
i.e.
, linearly interpolated) between the two nearest vesting percentages indicated above.
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the companys tsr for the performance period is negative, in no event shall more than one hundred percent (100%) of the target rsus vest.
the number of rsus that vest on the vesting date will be rounded to the nearest whole unit, and the balance of the rsus will not vest and will terminate on that vesting date.
for purposes of the award, the following definitions will apply

tsr percentile
means the percentile ranking of the companys tsr among the tsrs for the comparison group members for the performance period. in determining the companys tsr percentile for the performance period, in the event that the companys tsr for the performance period is equal to the tsr(s) of one or more other comparison group members for that same period, the companys tsr percentile ranking will be determined by ranking the companys tsr for that period as being greater than such other comparison group members.
comparison group
means the company and each other company included in the standard poors 500 index on the first day of the performance period and, except as provided below, the common stock (or similar equity security) of which continues to be listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. in the event a member of the comparison group files for bankruptcy or liquidates due to an insolvency, such company shall continue to be treated as a comparison group member, and such companys ending price will be treated as $0 if the common stock (or similar equity security) of such company is no longer listed ortraded on a national securities exchange on the last trading day of the performance period. in the event of a formation of a new parent company by a comparison group member, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of which consist immediately after the transaction of the equity interests in the original comparison group member or the assets and liabilities of such comparison group member immediately prior to the transaction, such new parent company shall be substituted for the comparison group member to the extent (and for such period of time) as its common stock (or similar equity securities) are listed or traded on a national securities exchange but the common stock (or similar equity securities) of the original comparison group member are not. in the event of a merger or other business combination of two comparison group members (including, without limitation, the acquisition of one comparison group member, or all or substantially all of its assets, by another comparison group member), the surviving, resulting or successor entity, as the case may be, shall continue to be treated as a member of the comparison group, provided that the common stock (or similar equity security) of such entity is listed or traded on a national securities exchange through the last trading day of the performance period. with respect to the preceding two sentences, the applicable stock prices shall be equitably and proportionately adjusted to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of the transaction.


tsr
shall be determined with respect to the company and any other comparison group member by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the difference obtained by subtracting the applicable beginning price from the applicable ending price and (ii) all dividends and other distributions during the performance period by (b) the applicable beginning price. any non-cash distributions shall be valued at fair market value. for the purpose of determining tsr, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
beginning price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days beginning with the first trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining beginning price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
ending price
means, with respect to the company and any other comparison group member, the average of the closing market prices of such companys common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the performance period. for the purpose of determining ending price, the value of dividends and other distributions shall be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the date of distribution.
with respect to the computation of tsr, beginning price, and ending price, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split occurring during the performance period (or during the applicable twenty (20)-day period in determining beginning price or ending price, as the case may be).
in the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy, the determination of the committee shall be final and binding.
in addition to the above prohibitions, this policy includes important additional information.
material nonpublic information
determining whether information is material requires consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. in general, information is material if it would likely be considered important by an investor who is deciding whether to buy or sell a security, or if the information is likely to have a significant effect on the market price of the security. both positive and negative information may be material. materiality is different for different companies. information that is not material to apple may be material to another company.
nonpublic information
nonpublic information means information that has not been previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not available to the general public. information should be considered nonpublic for at least 24 hours after it has been distributed to the general public through a press release, filing with the sec, or similar means. the circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, is not considered effective public distribution.
policy violations
apple personnel who violate this policy may be subject to
disciplinary action
, including termination of employment and repayment of equity awards. additionally, individuals who engage in illegal insider trading or tipping can be liable for substantial criminal and civil penalties.
if you have any doubt whether information is public or material, or have questions about this policy, consult apples team by emailing [] or calling [].restricted trading periods and trading windows
a restricted trading period is a specified period of time during which designated apple personnel, and their covered family members and entities, may not buy or sell apple securities. if you are subject to trading restrictions, you will be notified by apples corporate legal team.
a trading window (sometimes referred to as an open trading window) is a specified period of time during which apple personnel may buy or sell apple securities, so long as the individual is not aware of material nonpublic information. complying with restricted trading periods and trading windows may protect you and apple from regulatory investigations or insider trading allegations. however, even if you are not subject to restricted trading periods or no such period is in effect, you must not trade in apple securities if you are aware of material nonpublic information about apple.
the regularly scheduled restricted trading period and trading window for each quarter is indicated below.
[table stored in usersakshitsanoriadesktoppythonpjsontablesex-19.1page4table0.json]
in addition to these regularly scheduled restricted trading periods, apple may impose a special restricted trading period or extend a restricted trading period if necessary. if you become subject to a special or extended restricted trading period, you will be notified by apples corporate legal team. if you are notified about a special or extended restricted trading period, you should not discuss it with others.
permitted transactions
the transactions listed below are not subject to this policys restrictions, including during restricted trading periods and open trading windows

vesting of restricted stock unit awards and the withholding of shares by apple to satisfy tax-withholding requirements upon vesting
purchases under apples employee stock purchase plan
cash-settled stock option exercises under apples equity plans (i.e., cash-settled exercise and hold transactions)
transactions pursuant to a previously established contract, plan or instruction to trade in apples securities (a trading plan) entered in accordance with rule 10b5-1 (rule 10b5-1) under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the act), and acknowledged by apples corporate legal team and
bona fide gifts for estate planning purposes, including gifts to a trust, family limited partnership, charitable foundation or similar entity, as long as you or members of your immediate family remain the sole beneficiaries of the transferred shares and the terms of the transfer ensure that the shares remain subject to the samerestrictions that apply to you under this policy provided, however, that in all other instances gifts of securities are subject to this policy, including the prohibition on trading during a restricted trading period and the requirement for designated individuals to seek pre-clearance
.
additional information regarding section 16 and designated individuals
apples general counsel and one or more authorized delegates serve as apples insider trading compliance officer.
members of the board of directors, executive officers and certain other individuals designated by apples insider trading compliance officer, and family members who reside with them or are financially dependent on them, and any other person or entity who such individuals direct, influence, or control (or may be reasonably perceived to direct, influence, or control), are subject to additional restrictions. these individuals and their covered family members and entities are referred to as designated individuals. you will be notified by apples corporate legal team if these restrictions apply to you.
except for those permitted transactions listed above, all designated individuals must
pre-clear all transactions
in apple securities with apples insider trading compliance officer. a request for pre-clearance must be submitted at least two business days prior to the date of a proposed transaction. if cleared, the insider trading compliance officer will issue a pre-clearance notice. pre-clearance is valid only for the period specified in the notice.
each designated individual is responsible for ensuring they do not have material nonpublic information about apple before engaging in a transaction. therefore, when a request for preclearance is made, they should carefully consider whether they are aware of any material nonpublic information about apple and should describe those circumstances fully to the insider trading compliance officer. an insider trading compliance officer may not trade in apple securities unless another insider trading compliance officer has pre-cleared the trade.
members of the board of directors, executive officers and any other individuals subject to section 16 (the section 16 reporting persons) of the act must also
comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing profit transactions
set forth in that section of the act.
rule 10b5-1 trading plans
the trading restrictions set forth in this policy do not apply to transactions under a trading plan that

has been submitted to and pre-approved by apples corporate legal team
includes a cooling off period for
o
section 16 reporting persons (in which case the cooling off period extends to the later of 90 days after adoption or modification of a trading plan or two business days after filing the form 10-k or form 10-q covering the fiscal quarter in which the trading plan was adopted, up to a maximum of 120 days) and
all other employees and other covered persons or entities, other than the company (in which case the cooling off period extends to the later of 30 calendar days after the date the plan is executed and 24 hours after the public announcement of our earnings for the quarter in which the plan is executed).
is established in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of rule 10b5-1 or apples insider trading policy
is established at a time when you are unaware of material nonpublic information
specifies the amount, price, and date of transactions (or includes a written formula, algorithm, or computer program for determining the amount, price, and date of transactions)
does not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to make purchases or sales
purchases or sales occur according to the trading plan without any deviation or alteration, and you do not enter into or alter a corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the securities covered by the trading plan and
includes a representation in the trading plan that the section 16 reporting person is (1) not aware of any material nonpublic information about apple or its securities and (2) adopting the trading plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade rule 10b-5.
apples insider trading compliance officer may impose such other conditions on the implementation and operation of the trading plan as apples insider trading compliance officer deems necessary or advisable. individuals may not adopt more than one trading plan at a time except under the limited circumstances permitted by rule 10b5-1 and subject to preapproval by apples insider trading compliance officer.
an individual may only modify a trading plan during an open trading window at a time when they are not aware of material nonpublic information. modifications to and terminations of a trading plan are subject to preapproval by apples corporate legal team and modifications of a trading plan that change the amount, price, or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities underlying a trading plan will trigger a new cooling-off period.
compliance of a trading plan with the terms of rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the trading plan are the sole responsibility of the person initiating the trading plan.
questions
insider trading laws often depend on specific facts and circumstances. this document provides only general guidance. please contact []
or call [] if you have any questions regarding this policy, trading plans, or your specific situation. if you are aware of a possible violation of this policy, you should contact your manager and apples corporate legal team.if the committee determines a covered executive received erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation, the committee shall determine the timing and method of recovery in its sole direction and direct apple to recover any erroneously awarded amounts as soon as administratively practicable. the methods of recovery include but are not limited to, requiring reimbursement from the covered executive, electing to withhold or suspend unpaid incentive-based compensation, by offset (subject to the requirements of section 409a of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the code) if applicable), forcing the sale of shares issued pursuant to incentive-based compensation, rescinding, cancelling, or otherwise causing the forfeiture of any unvested or unpaid incentive-based compensation, deducting from amounts otherwise payable to the covered executive including base salary, commissions, time-based equity awards or other compensation, or by requiring incremental payments from the covered executive using one or more of the above methods or any other methods authorized by applicable law.
apple shall not indemnify any covered executive for the loss of any incentive-based compensation or the cost of any third-party insurance to cover the same.
e.
rights and remedies waiver amendment extension
this policy shall supplement and not limit any other rights or remedies apple may have under applicable law, any other apple policy, including the apple inc. executive team compensation recoupment policy, any applicable plan, agreement, other arrangement, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, termination of employment, initiation of other disciplinary procedures, andor the institution of civil or criminal proceedings, provided however, if incentive-based compensation is recovered under this policy it would not be subject to double recovery under any other apple policy, plan, agreement or arrangement unless specifically required under applicable law.
this policy may from time to time be waived, amended, or extended to other employees of apple, as determined by the committee, or as otherwise required under rule 10d-1.