0000049826-16-000277.hdr.sgml : 20161110
20161110150326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000049826-16-000277
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000049826
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		IRS NUMBER:				361258310
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04797
		FILM NUMBER:		161987573

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 HARLEM AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8477247500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 HARLEM AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENVIEW
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60025

PAGE NUMBER: 1

Document created using Wdesk 1
Copyright 2016 Workiva
Document
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, DC 20549
___________________________________________________________
FORM 8-K
CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 7, 2016
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its charter)



				
Delaware		1-4797		36-1258310
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)		(Commission File No.)		(IRS Employer Identification No.)

				
155 Harlem Avenue, Glenview, IL				60025
(Address of principal executive offices)				(Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 847-724-7500
Not Applicable
(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)
Check the appropriate box below if the form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
o
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2 (b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

PAGE NUMBER: 2

Item 8.01. Other Events.
On November 7, 2016, Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the “Company”) issued and sold $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 2.650% notes due November 15, 2026 (the “Notes”). The Notes were issued pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-206213) and the Prospectus included therein (the “Registration Statement”), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on August 7, 2015, and the Prospectus Supplement relating thereto dated October 31, 2016, and filed with the Commission on November 1, 2016. The Notes were issued under an Indenture dated as of November 1, 1986, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 1990, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (together, the “Indenture”), and an Officers’ Certificate containing the terms of the Notes. The Indenture, together with the Officers’ Certificate, sets forth the terms of the Notes and the obligations of the Company thereunder. A copy of the Officers’ Certificate is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.
A copy of the opinion of Janet O. Love, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company, relating to the legality of the Notes, is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits



		
Exhibit No.		Description
		
4.1		Officers’ Certificate dated November 7, 2016, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 2.650% Notes due 2026.
5.1		Opinion of Janet O. Love, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company.
23.1		Consent of Janet O. Love (included in Exhibit 5.1).

PAGE NUMBER: 3

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



			
	
	ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
	
Date: November 10, 2016	
	
	By:	/s/ MICHAEL M. LARSEN
		Name:	Michael M. Larsen
		Title:	Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

PAGE NUMBER: 4

EXHIBIT INDEX



		
Exhibit No.		Description
		
4.1		Officers’ Certificate dated November 7, 2016, establishing the terms, and setting forth the forms, of the 2.650% Notes due 2026.
5.1		Opinion of Janet O. Love, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company.
23.1		Consent of Janet O. Love (included in Exhibit 5.1).

PAGE NUMBER: 1

Document created using Wdesk 1
Copyright 2016 Workiva
Exhibit
Exhibit 4.1
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
Officers’ Certificate Pursuant to
Sections 2.01 and 2.04 of the Indenture
Michael M. Larsen, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, and Randall J. Scheuneman, Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer, of Illinois Tool Works Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company
”), each certify, pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.04 of the Indenture dated as of November 1, 1986, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 1990 (the “
Indenture
”), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor Trustee, that, pursuant to authority granted by the Board of Directors of the Company to the undersigned and certain other officers of the Company in resolutions duly adopted on August 7, 2015, the terms and form of the Company’s 2.650% Notes due 2026 (the “
Notes
”) shall be as set forth below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture.
1. The Notes shall be designated as “2.650% Notes due 2026.”
2. The aggregate principal amount at Stated Maturity of the Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (not including Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes pursuant to Sections 2.06, 2.07, 2.08, 3.02 or 10.04 of the Indenture) initially shall be not more than $1,000,000,000. The Company shall have the right from time to time, without the consent of the existing holders of Notes, to issue additional notes with the same terms and conditions and with the same CUSIP number as the Notes, except for the issue date, issue price and the first payment of interest thereon (“
Additional Notes
”). Additional Notes will be consolidated with and will form a single series with the Notes.
3. Each Note shall bear interest from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest on such Note (or any predecessor Note) has been paid or duly made available for payment, or if no interest has been paid, from and including November 7, 2016, at the rate of 2.650% per annum until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date and at Stated Maturity. Interest payments shall be in the amount of interest accrued to, but excluding, the relevant Interest Payment Date or Stated Maturity, as applicable. Interest shall be payable to the person in whose name a Note (or any predecessor Note) is registered at the close of business on the Record Date next preceding each Interest Payment Date; provided, however, that interest payable at Stated Maturity shall be payable to the person to whom principal shall be payable.
The Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be May 15 and November 15 of each year and at Stated Maturity, and the Record Dates for interest payable on the Notes shall be the close of business on May 1 and November 1 next preceding the May 15 and November 15 Interest
1

PAGE NUMBER: 2

Payment Dates, respectively. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
4. The Stated Maturity of the Notes shall be November 15, 2026.
5. The Notes shall be substantially in the form attached to this Certificate as
Exhibit A
.
6. The Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the Company before the applicable date of Stated Maturity at the price and on the terms set forth in the form of Note attached to this Certificate as
7. The Notes shall be sold by the Company to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., acting as representatives of the several underwriters (collectively, the “
Underwriters
”), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated October 31, 2016 with the Company, at a price equal to 99.235% of the principal amount of the Notes. The initial public offering price of the Notes shall be 99.685% of the principal amount thereof for the Notes, plus accrued interest, if any, from the date of original issue.
8. The Notes shall not be entitled to any sinking, purchase or analogous fund, and the Company shall not be obligated to redeem or purchase the Notes at the option of any Holder thereof.
9. The Notes shall be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.
10. Payments of principal of and any premium or interest on the Notes, when payable, shall be made in immediately available funds at the Corporate Trust Office in Chicago, Illinois, or in New York, New York. “Corporate Trust Office” shall mean the principal office of the Trustee in Chicago, Illinois or New York, New York, at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered. On the date of this Certificate, the Corporate Trust Office is located at 2 N. LaSalle Street, Suite 1020, Chicago IL 60602, Attention: Richard Tarnas and 101 Barclay Street, Floor 7W, New York, New York 10286, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration. Payments of interest on each Note (other than interest payable at Stated Maturity) shall be made by check mailed to the registered address of the person entitled thereto, unless such person and the Company shall have agreed that such payment will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the registered owner of the Notes is The Depository Trust Company (“
DTC
”) or its nominee, payments of principal and interest shall be made in accordance with the requirements of DTC pursuant to a Letter of Representations between DTC and the Company.
11. So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall maintain an office and agency in Chicago, Illinois and any other location the Company may designate, where the Notes may be presented for registration of transfer and exchange, for payment, and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of such Notes or the Indenture may be
2

PAGE NUMBER: 3

served. The office of the Trustee in such location or locations shall be such office of the Company, and the Trustee shall be such agent for the Company for the foregoing purposes.
12. Section 12.02 of the Indenture shall be fully applicable to the Notes.
13. The Notes shall be issued as registered Notes, without coupons, in the form of one or more definitive Global Securities. The Depositary for the Notes initially shall be DTC. So long as the Notes are represented by such Global Securities in accordance with the Indenture, beneficial owners of interests in such Global Securities may not exchange such interests for Definitive Securities (as defined in
Paragraph 15
of this Certificate) except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture.
14. The aggregate principal amount of each Global Security may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Note Custodian (as defined in
of this Certificate), as provided herein and in the Indenture.
15.
Definitions
. Certain capitalized terms used in this Certificate and not defined in the Indenture have the following meanings:
“
Definitive Securities
” means any Security issued in fully-registered certificated form pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Indenture (other than a Global Security), which shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A
, with appropriate legends as specified therein.
Note Custodian
” means the custodian with respect to any Global Note appointed by the Depositary, or any successor Person thereto, and shall initially be the Trustee.
Securities Act
” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Each of the undersigned certifies that there is no Event of Default existing on the date hereof, and no event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof.
Each of the undersigned states that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to delivery of the executed Notes to the Trustee for authentication and delivery have been complied with.
Each of the undersigned further states that he has read the provisions of the Indenture relating to the issuance of the Notes and the definitions relating thereto; that the statements made in this Certificate are based upon an examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Company; that he has, in his opinion, made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the conditions included in such provisions have been complied with; and that, in his opinion, such conditions have been complied with.
3

PAGE NUMBER: 4

[Signature Page Follows]
4

PAGE NUMBER: 5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate as of this 7
th
day of November, 2016.
By:
/s/ Michael M. Larsen
Name: Michael M. Larsen
Title: Senior Vice President &
Chief Financial Officer
/s/ Randall J. Scheuneman
Name: Randall J. Scheuneman
Title: Vice President &
Chief Accounting Officer
(Signature Page to Officers’ Certificate Pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.04 of the Indenture)

PAGE NUMBER: 6

EXHIBIT A
FORM OF NOTE
6

PAGE NUMBER: 7

THIS IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREINAFTER.
UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“
DTC
”), NEW YORK, NEW YORK, TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC, TO DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO IN THE ADDITIONAL TERMS ATTACHED HERETO.
7

PAGE NUMBER: 8

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
2.650
% NOTE DUE 2026
Principal Amount $500,000,000
as revised by the Schedule of Increases and
Decreases in Global Security attached hereto
No. 1-[ ] November 7, 2016
CUSIP NO. 452308AX7
ISIN NO. US452308AX78
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (hereinafter called the “Company”), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or its registered assigns, the principal sum of FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($500,000,000) subject to adjustment from time to time as reflected on the Schedule of Increases and Decreases in Global Security attached hereto on
November 15, 2026
at the office or agency of the Company in Chicago, Illinois or New York, New York or such other location or locations as may be provided for pursuant to the Indenture referred to herein, in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, and to pay interest on said principal sum, in arrears, from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (as defined below) to which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or if no interest has been paid, from and including November 7, 2016), to, but excluding, May 15 and November 15 of each year (each, an “Interest Payment Date”), beginning on May 15, 2017, at the rate of 2.650% per annum, at said offices or agencies, in like coin or currency, to but excluding the date on which said principal sum is paid in full. The Record Date with respect to each Interest Payment Date shall be the close of business on May 1 or November 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. The interest payable on any Interest Payment Date will, subject to certain exceptions provided in the Indenture referred to herein, be paid by check mailed to the registered address of the person entitled thereto, unless such person and the Company shall have agreed that such payment will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the registered owner of the Notes is The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee, payments of principal and interest shall be made in accordance with the requirements of DTC pursuant to a Letter of Representations between DTC and the Company.
The further provisions of this Security are continued in an attachment hereto and such continued provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.
This Security shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee under the Indenture referred to herein.
[signature page follows]
1

PAGE NUMBER: 9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. has caused this Security to be manually signed by its duly authorized officers and its corporate seal to be affixed hereto.
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
By: _______________________________
Name: Michael M. Larsen
Title: Senior Vice President &
Chief Financial Officer
[SEAL]
Name: Randall J. Scheuneman
Title: Vice President & Chief Accounting
Officer
Name: Janet O. Love
Title: Deputy General Counsel &
Assistant Secretary
[
Signature Page to No. 1-[ ]Note
]

PAGE NUMBER: 10

TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION
This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein issued under the within-mentioned Indenture.
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee
Dated: November 7, 2016 By: _______________________________
Authorized Signature
THE ADDITIONAL TERMS ATTACHED HERETO ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN AND DEEMED TO BE A PART HEREOF.
1

PAGE NUMBER: 11

ADDITIONAL TERMS OF
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.
2.650% NOTE DUE 2026
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of the Securities of Illinois Tool Works Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), designated as its 2.650% Notes due 2026 (individually, a “Security” and collectively, the “Securities”), issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of November 1, 1986 and supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 1990 (the “Indenture”), duly executed and delivered by the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (the “Trustee”). The terms of the Securities include those stated in the Indenture and in the Officers’ Certificate dated November 7, 2016 (the “Officers’ Certificate”) establishing certain terms of the Securities pursuant to the Indenture, those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the “TIA”), and those set forth in this Security. This Security is subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture, the Officers’ Certificate and the TIA for a statement of all such terms. All terms used in this Security that are defined in the Indenture or in the Officers’ Certificate shall have the meanings assigned to them therein. The Securities are unsecured general obligations of the Company.
The Securities are initially limited to the aggregate principal amount of One Billion Dollars ($1,000,000,000), as specified in the Officers’ Certificate. The Company may from time to time, without the consent of the existing Holders of Securities, issue additional Securities with the same terms and conditions and with the same CUSIP number as the Securities, except for the issue date, issue price and the first payment of interest thereon. Additional Securities so issued will be consolidated with and will form a single series with the Securities.
In case an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, relating to the Securities shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal hereof may be declared, and upon such declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the provisions contained in the Indenture. The Indenture provides that, prior to the declaration of maturity of the Securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default relating to the Securities, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount at Stated Maturity of the Securities at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Securities waive any past default under the Indenture relating to the Securities and its consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, or interest on any of the Securities. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security (unless revoked as provided in the Indenture) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange or substitution herefor, irrespective of whether or not any notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security or such other Securities.
This Security may be redeemed at the Company’s option, in whole or in part, on any date that is prior to August 15, 2026 at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed on the date of redemption or (ii) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments of principal and interest on the Securities being redeemed on the date of redemption (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption)
2

PAGE NUMBER: 12

discounted to the date of redemption on a semiannual basis at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, as determined by a Reference Treasury Dealer (as defined below), plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the date of redemption. At any time on or after August 15, 2026, the Company may also redeem some or all of this Security at its option, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed on the date of redemption, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to the date of redemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Securities that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a date of redemption will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered holder hereof as of the close of business on the relevant Record Date according to this Security and the Indenture. The redemption price will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the United States Treasury security selected by the Reference Treasury Dealer as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Securities to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Securities.
“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations are obtained, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
“Primary Treasury Dealer” means a primary United States government securities dealer in the United States.
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means (i) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; provided, however, that if either of the foregoing shall cease to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer(s) (in any case not less than two) selected by the Company.
“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Company, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Company by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
“Remaining Scheduled Payments” means, with respect to each note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with respect to such note, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be deemed to be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date.
3

PAGE NUMBER: 13

“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent yield to maturity (on a day count basis) of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Notice of redemption will be mailed to holders of Securities to be redeemed by first-class mail at least 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Securities or portions thereof called for redemption unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price. If fewer than all of the Securities are to be redeemed, the Securities to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with the policies and procedures of DTC; provided that in the case the Securities are held as definitive securities, the Trustee will select, not more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, the particular Securities or portions thereof for redemption from the outstanding Securities not previously called by such method as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate; provided further, however, that no Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or less shall be redeemed in part.
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Securities may not be redeemed before November 15, 2026 (herein referred to as the “Stated Maturity”) and shall not be entitled to any sinking, purchase or analogous fund, nor shall the Company be obligated to redeem or purchase the Securities at the option of any Holder thereof.
The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount at Stated Maturity of the Securities at the time outstanding, evidenced as provided in the Indenture, to execute supplemental indentures which, if they pertain specifically to the Securities, may add any provisions to or change in any manner or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Securities or of any supplemental indenture relating to the Securities or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Securities; provided, however, that no such supplemental indenture shall (i) extend the Stated Maturity of any Security, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of any interest thereon, or reduce any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or change the currency in which any Security is payable, without the consent of the Holder of each Security so affected, or (ii) reduce the aforesaid majority in aggregate principal amount of Securities, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such supplemental indenture relating to the Securities, without the consent of the Holders of all Securities then outstanding.
The Company may terminate all of its obligations under the Securities and the Indenture as it relates to the Securities, with certain limited exceptions described in the Indenture, by (i) irrevocably depositing in trust with the Trustee money or Government Obligations (or any combination thereof) sufficient to pay principal of and any premium or interest on the Securities at Stated Maturity and (ii) complying with certain other conditions specified in the Indenture. Alternatively, the Company may, upon the making of such deposit and the satisfaction of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, omit to comply with its covenants in the Indenture relating to creation of secured indebtedness (Section 4.05), sale and lease-back transactions (Section 4.06), and transactions involving a merger or consolidation of the Company into or with any other corporation or a sale, conveyance or lease of the property of the Company substantially as an
4

PAGE NUMBER: 14

entirety to any other corporation or entity (Article Eleven), and such omission shall not be an Event of Default with respect to the Securities.
The Securities are issuable as registered Securities without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. At the office or agency to be maintained by the Company in Chicago, Illinois, New York, New York or at such other location or locations as may be provided for in the Indenture, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Securities may be exchanged by the Holder thereof without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in respect thereof, for a like aggregate principal amount at Stated Maturity of Securities of other authorized denominations.
Subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, the Officers’ Certificate and herein, this Security is transferable and the registration of the transfer hereof may be effected by the registered Holder hereof or by his attorney duly authorized in writing upon due presentment for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in Chicago, Illinois, New York, New York or at such other location or locations as may be provided for in the Indenture, but only in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, the Officers’ Certificate and herein, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in relation thereto. Upon any such registration of transfer, a new Security or Securities of authorized denominations for a like aggregate principal amount at Stated Maturity will be issued to the transferee in exchange therefor.
Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of this Security, the Company, the Trustee, any paying agent and the Security Registrar may deem and treat the registered Holder hereof as the absolute owner hereof (whether or not this Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by any person), for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any paying agent nor any Security Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or the interest on this Security, or for any claim based hereon, or otherwise in respect hereof, or based on or in respect of the Indenture or any indenture supplemental thereto, against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director or employee, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being, by the acceptance hereof and as a condition of and part of the consideration for the issue hereof, expressly waived and released.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois.
5

PAGE NUMBER: 15

[
FORM OF TRANSFER NOTICE]
FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned registered holder hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto
Insert Taxpayer Identification No.
Please print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee
the within Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing
attorney to transfer said Note on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises.



			
Date:			
		NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.
Signature must be guaranteed by a participant in a recognized signature guaranty medallion program or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee.

PAGE NUMBER: 16

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY
The following increases or decreases in this Global Security have been made:



				
Date of Exchange	Amount of decrease in Principal Amount of this Global Note	Amount of increase in Principal Amount of this Global Note	Principal Amount of this Global Note following such decrease or increase	Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee or Note Custodian
				
				
C-7

PAGE NUMBER: 1

Document created using Wdesk 1
Copyright 2016 Workiva
Exhibit
Exhibit 5.1
[On ITW Letterhead]
[Opinion of Janet O. Love, Esq.]
November 7, 2016
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
155 Harlem Avenue
Glenview, Illinois 60025
Re: Illinois Tool Works Inc.
$1,000,000,000 of 2.650% Notes due 2026
Ladies and Gentlemen:
I am Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Illinois Tool Works Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and I am delivering this opinion in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 2.650% Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”). The Notes are being issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of November 1, 1986, as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 1990 (together, the “Indenture”), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee (the “Trustee”). The Notes are being offered and sold pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-206213) (the “Registration Statement”) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), on August 7, 2015 and the related prospectus supplement dated as of October 31, 2016 (the “Prospectus Supplement”). In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Company entered into an Underwriting Agreement dated October 31, 2016 (the “Underwriting Agreement”) among the Company and the Underwriters named therein.
For purposes of this opinion, I have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of the Indenture, the Officers’ Certificate establishing the terms of the Notes (including the form of Note attached thereto), the Registration Statement, the Prospectus Supplement, the Underwriting Agreement and such other documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and instruments, and have considered such matters of law, as I have deemed appropriate as the basis for the opinions set forth below. I have assumed the authority of the Trustee to enter into the Indenture and to authenticate the Notes, the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as originals, and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted to me as copies.
Based on the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications, limitations and assumptions stated herein, in my opinion, the Notes constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company,

PAGE NUMBER: 2

enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as (a) the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or similar laws now or hereinafter in effect relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and (b) the availability of equitable remedies may be limited by equitable principles of general applicability (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).
I am a member of the bar of the State of Illinois. The opinions expressed above are limited to the laws of the State of Illinois and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and I express no opinion concerning the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This opinion is given as of the date hereof, and I do not undertake to advise you of any facts that come to my attention, or of any change in law that may occur, after the date hereof.
I hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated the date hereof filed by the Company and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement referred to above and further consent to the reference to my name under the caption “Legal Matters” in the prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, I do not admit that I am in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Janet O. Love
